Tim Sackton: And music.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as we begin, you are approaching the
Tim Sackton: Frost giant steading
Tim Sackton: of Eisenberg.
Tim Sackton: hey? The the home and palace of King Brimscarda.
Tim Sackton: the Frost Giant King who rules these mountains.  You've traveled from Tolin over the past week.
Tim Sackton: flying across the forests of Bostock, and then crossing the Chiefnow Mountains.
Tim Sackton: where you encounter the frost giants
Tim Sackton: guarding slash.
Tim Sackton: bossing around Slash. exploiting some dwarven minors.
Tim Sackton:  The impression you got from speaking with the giant and with
Tim Sackton: the dwarves was
Tim Sackton: the the the giants have made a name for themselves, especially this King Brimsgarna.
Tim Sackton: defeating white dragons that have otherwise
Tim Sackton: terrorize the population of these lands.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: in exchange for protection, have asked
Tim Sackton: for the labor and service of the inhabitants. The doors in the stone board that live here.
Tim Sackton:  This is not
Tim Sackton: it? It's not exactly a fair exchange, I mean. I guess it is a fair exchange. It depends on how much you value your life.
Tim Sackton: It's not exactly a pleasant exchange.
Tim Sackton: but your impression from the dwarves that they felt like they had nowhere to turn. Because
Tim Sackton: where are they? Gonna go?
Tim Sackton: And you've decided, I forget exactly why.
Tim Sackton: to visit the boss giant
Mike Sackton: static, I guess, to get information. I was gonna also ask that like, did we have a goal here, or we just stop again to say, Hi!
Kate Sackton: Well, the original idea was to talk to the people of this area and learn more about what we're up against in the future directions when we head up the river.
Kate Sackton: But
Kate Sackton: then we were sort of like, do we need to rescue these dwarves? Kind of decided we didn't. We're still flying to like.
Mike Sackton: yeah. So so we really, just, I guess all we're actually trying to do is to introduce ourselves to this Frost Giant Dude, and
Mike Sackton: find out if he can tell us anything about the Barbari. What are the people called
Tim Sackton: the Vargold, the fire? The people that live in the
Tim Sackton: taiga, in the forests between here and Ersk.
Tim Sackton: There's all sorts of rumors about them. They're shapeshifters there
Tim Sackton: they vanish into the forest, they turn into animals. They
Tim Sackton: but the Frost giants so far haven't spoken much of them. I mean the Frost Giant talk to was not very
Mike Sackton: so. We're really only here to get information. I mean, there's not much for us to accomplish at some level.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we are flying on a giant
Eric Rosenbaum: ship like made by giants, different giants, presumably
Eric Rosenbaum: the giants. And then there's giants but it
Mike Sackton: we've never actually met frost giants or seen how they live. Right? So I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I only met the one giant before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything that we could so like? You might enjoy this feast making? You might enjoy a ride on the skyship
Eric Rosenbaum: insofar as it's a connection to ancient giant history.
Mike Sackton: We just I. We need to be careful about him, not
Mike Sackton: thinking he we should give him the scholarship as an offering.
Eric Rosenbaum: or he could just sort of get up on it and and flick us each off with one finger.
Mike Sackton: We could take him. Oh, yeah. I mean? Not if he had, like 20 other giants and his horde of mammoths, but he was by himself on the deck. We could take him
Tim Sackton: according to the legends. He killed 2 white dragons single-handed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't believe the legends.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if he has any like
Eric Rosenbaum: always looking for ship upgrades. We have ice weaponry.
Eric Rosenbaum: you might be able to do something with that.
Mike Sackton: I think our goal is really to just try and be somewhat impressive and make him think that we're vaguely equals.
Mike Sackton: and then see if we can get any
Mike Sackton: positive outcome.
Mike Sackton: And if not. hope that it's just not a mistake that we went
Eric Rosenbaum: also versus Kuwait. We ask them about the what are they called iceworms?
Tim Sackton: I saw. Ms, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do those even live in this area?
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
Mike Sackton: You don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we just wanted to ask him if the questions, what's the deal with giant politics like? Do they like each other? Do like they hate each other. What's complicated?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know, Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: do we know anything about giant politics?
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: giants?
Tim Sackton: There's not very many giants that are left there used to be many, many more giants
Tim Sackton: they tend to live in fairly isolated areas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we can ask we can ask, like our augury, and all the the fucking things we can ask to be like, cause like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's sort of like. You know, it does. The fact that we're like flying around at a giant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in an actual giant. What's the storm giant like Cross Giant? Is it like, you know? Is it cool? Is it like Nemesis? And that's gonna be helpful for us that we're, you know, gifted thing from a giant and all that stuff, you know.
Mike Sackton: Can we? Can we get our hall of legends to, or is it not? Is it used up?
Mike Sackton:  cause asking about this guy would be useful.
Tim Sackton: I hold on. Where's my?
Tim Sackton: So you laugh like
Tim Sackton: like 4 days ago. I mean. you haven't exactly been spending
Tim Sackton: all your time doing. I mean, you've mostly not been. Where is my little
Tim Sackton: Nope, that's not right.
Tim Sackton: Where did I put that?
Here we go.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I don't know. It's sort of flexible. There's no, I think the
Tim Sackton: the official basket rules don't really account for the fact that the bachelor's gonna travel with you. So you need to. You.
Tim Sackton: You get to use it when you're there, and then you don't get to use it on an adventure.
Tim Sackton: I think the things like getting information are pretty
Tim Sackton:  like which one
Tim Sackton: I think
Tim Sackton: I think most of it, though. Works. It's not an immediate thing, right? It's like, you say, do this, and we get an answer in 7 days.
Mike Sackton: Right is 3 days enough time for any of our things to get answers. I guess I don't know. Well, I mean, you just learned about Bremsstarter.
Mike Sackton: haven't we been? Wasn't it? 3 days journey to get from?
Tim Sackton: No, it was like an it was less than a day. Okay. So I think I think, generally speaking, the way they work is sort of like the mirror. It's like the mirror in reverse. Right? You can trigger them any time you want.
Mike Sackton: You ask a question. You get information 7 days later.
Tim Sackton: So they're not really immediate. They're not like a let's get something
Mike Sackton: right? Right?
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. The work takes 7 days. Right. All of them are basically the work library, the work that yeah, fine. So the idea is that you give it an order on 7 days later.
Yes.
Tim Sackton: so you can have them start researching. Not now, but it won't help you. For 7 days. It might be better to wait till you find out something about it.
Tim Sackton: What's coming up in the future and then have it start researching.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Tim Sackton: you know. there's no
Tim Sackton: particularly
Tim Sackton: th. There's not like, you know, frost giants versus storm storm giants have been in a war with each other for 1,000 years, and like hate each other, and soon as they find out you're allied with storm giants to just get immediately right. There's no sort of
Tim Sackton: long standing. Antagonistic politics. Most giant communities tend to be fairly insular and don't really interact much with other giant communities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there any ties that bind?
Tim Sackton: I mean, frost giants are much more in the kind of
Tim Sackton: the the like stereotype of frost giants is much more
Tim Sackton:  you know. heroes and war, like martial prowess, like might might of arms less concerned with
Tim Sackton: crafting and magic, like the storm giants and the fire giants are much more of the sort of crafters and
Tim Sackton: shapers of things.  so they're not that. I mean.
Tim Sackton: they're rather
Tim Sackton: distinct as far as giant kind goes as far as right like you have the sort of the Hill Giants are kind of the. you know, low brow warriors. The
Tim Sackton: Frost Giants are the high brown warriors. the fire giants and the storm giants are like the crafters and the magic. And then the stone Giants are just weird.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: stone giants are weird.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, they're the ones that live underground, right? They tend to like.
Tim Sackton: I don't know meld with stone. And things like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do they have any relationship to dwarfs? That's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lister Cod.
Tim Sackton: Not a giant.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe. I mean, I don't know. I haven't. It made out much more. Maybe stone giants are like somehow connected to room magic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that might make sense.
Tim Sackton: But like the sort of dominant sense of frost giants is very much. They're like the.
Tim Sackton: you know, the the
Tim Sackton: the warriors of the giant world.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder what
Eric Rosenbaum: warrior stuff there is to be had in this area, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, yeah, I wonder what else?
Eric Rosenbaum: Only so much of of that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's go ahead. So as you approach.
Tim Sackton: you see the entrance to this stunning this
Tim Sackton: palace of Eisenborg.
Tim Sackton: and it's located on a
Tim Sackton: the shoulder of a tall mountain which you can see from some distance away
Tim Sackton: in the shadow of this mountain. and even as you. even though it's like 3 in the afternoon. So you're far enough north, and it's still late enough in winter that the sun is beginning to get low in the sky at 3 in the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: but
somehow.
Tim Sackton: as you begin to approach this massive columns that mark the entryway into this
Tim Sackton: and a valley of ice
Tim Sackton: in which the setting sits. It looks like it's almost been carved, shaped out of a giant glacier.
Tim Sackton: There's these like 40 or 50 foot walls of ice that make a giant circle
Tim Sackton:  hundreds and hundreds of feet across, in which there's a bunch of
Tim Sackton: giant sized buildings constructed of stone and ice and kind of floating. Over the top of the circle you can see the
Tim Sackton: like greenish blue glow of of the aurora of the Northern Lights just kind of dancing even in the daylight, and the
Tim Sackton: the sun seems to shine weakly and faintly as you begin to approach.
Tim Sackton: The gate itself. The entrance is 50 60 feet high. This massive stone
Tim Sackton:  structure with 2 pillars that form an arch that allows you to sort of enter into this ice, Caldera, in which the setting sets.
Tim Sackton: guarded by ice sculptures carved of giants and beasts. forming a path that leads up to this
Tim Sackton: entry way, and everything is 30, 40, 50 feet tall like these are
Tim Sackton: even larger than life size. From the point of view of a giant
Tim Sackton: the gate itself is, is wide enough that
Eric Rosenbaum: Benjamin could just probably fly through it without too much trouble.
Mike Sackton: Hey?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well. we we
Eric Rosenbaum: float to a halt at a respectful distance instead of barging his head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we see any activity?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, there's there's activity within the the setting. There doesn't seem to be any one specifically on
guard.
Eric Rosenbaum:  the
Tim Sackton:  so the but you can see like looking down into the into this ice, Caldera, which must be like half a mile across.
Tim Sackton: At least it's tough to judge the scale of things, because everything is so big. So it
Tim Sackton: distances are deceiving things, look
Tim Sackton: they, they! They look much closer than they actually are, because they're so much bigger than you expect them to be. There's like a courtyard. Everything is cold. There's like firelight flickering in the courtyard. It doesn't seem to be melting the snow. There's a layer of snow
Tim Sackton: across the entire grounds.
Tim Sackton: You can see there's like a pair of giants that are
Tim Sackton: sparring with each other in kind of a giant snow sparring ground that's been carved out of that. So there's the giant palace right? There's like set up against the side of the glacier. There's this massive palace, that
Tim Sackton: is, you know, stands a hundred feet tall. massive doors that are.
Tim Sackton: you know, 30 feet tall. There is a giant standing guard in front of the of the palace doors.
Tim Sackton: and then laid out in front of the palace. There's a courtyard in a bunch of like dwellings and things. There's this practice grounds.
there's a pen where you can see
Tim Sackton: 4 giant mammoths end up. and then there's like a herd of massive goats that must be. I don't know. 10 feet tall at the shoulders, at least
Tim Sackton: that are being tend, you know, heard it around by another giant
Tim Sackton: and then you can see carved so carved into the walls of the glacier.
Tim Sackton: There's like tunnels that lead into the glacier that are very small. They're maybe 10 feet tall at most.
Tim Sackton: And there's a few, you you see, like a few dwarves, and like one stone board kind of hurrying into those tunnels from the across the courtyard. Quick as they run past the giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: what would they be doing tunneling into a glacier? What are you trying to get to?
Mike Sackton: Good question?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any indication from what we can see that they're like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you be tunneling down to the bedrock, or that would that be like a thousand feet below?
Tim Sackton:  it looks more like living quarters than anything else
Tim Sackton: like they're not. They're not like mine tunnels. There's like doors. There's like fur that
Tim Sackton: not where the giants live, but in these little warrens that lead into the glacier. There's like
Tim Sackton: furlining them.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dwarfs. They live in little mouse holes, basically in the giant
Eric Rosenbaum: world. Yeah. that's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and we have a letter of introduction or something.
Tim Sackton: You sent ahead a letter
Tim Sackton: on the links.
Tim Sackton: So you are expected.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see. So we can actually just go up and park. Probably.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. I'll say a little bit.
Kate Sackton: The the sparring thing reminded me. We we heard that like he, you know, obviously for entertainment. They have you know, competitions of battle and sort of things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we gonna like agree in advance not to do that? Are we gonna say, Hey, context dependent? Or we, we gonna agree to do that for sure. It's gonna happen like, let's definitely make some kind of naive plan so that it will seem laughable in retrospect.
David (he/him): I think. Well, well, before. So we just go introduce ourselves.
Mike Sackton: We'll just see what happened. Right? Do we? Do we need a
David (he/him): do we need an accident.
David (he/him): I don't think we need a full plan. I just think we might want to agree if we get challenged to
Eric Rosenbaum: fight in the battle pit. One of us doesn't say yes. Well, the other one says, No, no, no, we're gonna run for it. Let's run for it. If we're all going to say, yes, let's say yes, we'll offer the Wiven to battle something that they are
Eric Rosenbaum: presents to oppose it, or are. Do we have some other kind of
Mike Sackton: yeah, but all kinds of stuff.
Mike Sackton: We have a poison troll we have. We have a bunch of Chardonnians.
David (he/him): Why would?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why would Riz would not fight in a battle pit like of any of us to survive such an ordeal.
Kate Sackton: I don't know. Why would my God say fight smarter? Not harder
Tim Sackton: is
Mike Sackton: II think I mean.
Mike Sackton: I think we'll play this.
Mike Sackton: It's too hard to predict. Right? Like there could be a situation where fighting in the battle pit makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: How should we? So we can pull up in front of the gate. How should we hail them? I could fire some of of our ice daggers into the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: please, can we? II miss that. Can we actually fit through the gate?
Tim Sackton: He seemed to think Mr. Sharma could fit through the game. Why don't we just fly through the gate?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, we'll take it very slow.
Mike Sackton: But, like you begin.
Mike Sackton: is this picture accurate? Does not actually it's not into a building. Right? It's just a geek.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, this picture's pretty accurate in into a big open
Tim Sackton: into a big. It doesn't have the glacier courtyard, but beyond the gate there's like a big giant Caldera carved out of price. It doesn't go into a built.
Tim Sackton: So as you begin to fly up.
Tim Sackton: one of the statues speaks in a booming voice. travelers, stop and introduce yourselves to the great King Brimscarda.
Tim Sackton: and repeats in like 9 different languages. So it is literally it's an animated statue. It's yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's bigger than an actual giant would be. It's like 30 feet tall. Okay?
Tim Sackton: And says this in like
Tim Sackton: 10 different languages.
Mike Sackton: Let's introduce ourselves. Start. Introduce myself, I'll you know.
Mike Sackton: add a few killer of broch.
Mike Sackton: the feeder of rim to skull right like Harold Style. Right? I'll move it out.
Mike Sackton: Speaker, you know the, the, the wise
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: steward and pilot, the legendary sky.
Mike Sackton: something cool, the demon guide, the the destroyer of the scepter, the killer of demon, which I mean carrier of the Forest Key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sacred something or other of the
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. That's yeah.
Tim Sackton: II get the picture. The the statue says.
Tim Sackton: welcome guests. You are expected, please proceed.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we
Eric Rosenbaum: inch forward through the gate. don't want to scrape anything up.
Tim Sackton: There's there's like
Tim Sackton: 10 foot clearing
Tim Sackton: roughly, like 5 feet on either side. It's like maybe 90 a hundred feet wide. So it's a bit of a tight squeeze. But actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: because I can see out from the surfaces of the ship. I'm well suited for this type of specific
Tim Sackton: to navigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: especially taking the slope.
Tim Sackton: So as you pass through the gates. You can see there's there's maybe
Tim Sackton: 3 or 4 giants in the courtyard that sort of turn and look up to you and
Tim Sackton: the the guard, who's who's
Tim Sackton: apparently standing outside the palace
Tim Sackton: steps, goes up the stairs and steps in
Tim Sackton: to the palace.
Tim Sackton:  You hear a few people yelling a few things in giant.
Mike Sackton: I may as well cast tongs. Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I'm I'm gonna speak, giant.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: actually anything. What are they yelling
Tim Sackton: so as you finish casting tongues.
Tim Sackton: you catch the like tail end of a conversation of a just a shouted message like
Tim Sackton: you know. over there, and somebody's pointing and then a giant, you know, other giant kind of steps forward and kind of stands and waves at you like trying to catch your attention. And then it was like pointing
Tim Sackton: to
Kate Sackton: a sort of place
Tim Sackton: just on the outside of the sparring pit. It's sort of motioning for you to land.
Eric Rosenbaum: assuming you won't understand and kind of speaking, you know, waving his hands and kind of direct.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, okay, so I follow directions. Yeah.
Then, you know, he yells
Tim Sackton: their parking. Tell
Tim Sackton: Brimstarda that
they're on their way.
Tim Sackton: and somebody yells back, do you think they speak giants?
Tim Sackton: Another Yao
Tim Sackton:  Well, I'm sure Brim Stardo! They must speak
Tim Sackton: dwarven, are common hell. Now.
Tim Sackton: not a problem. This goes back and forth for a little bit, little while.
Mike Sackton: You land
Mike Sackton: after it goes back and forth for like 2 min, I'll just shout down to them we are perfectly capable of, you know we are.
Mike Sackton: We are prepared to communicate with Brim Scara, do not, do not worry for us.
Tim Sackton: One of them looks up and says
Tim Sackton: says to his other, and giant, Is there a mouse on that ship?
Tim Sackton: Oh, one of the little ones spoke
Eric Rosenbaum: like a tiny creature speaking giant is funny to them. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yes.
Tim Sackton: wow! Even better
Tim Sackton: ways to you. Come, come.
Tim Sackton: come, join us.
Mike Sackton: are we? Are we? rainbow bridging down. presumably right
Eric Rosenbaum: that resets every day so we could use it. Yep.
Kate Sackton: we don't have any other side gate way of getting off. So
Tim Sackton: I mean, just jump. And
Mike Sackton: we should. I mean we shouldn't park too close
Mike Sackton: like. Let's not go all the way down. Let's be 50 feet up and Rainbow Bridge off
Mike Sackton: like I don't want them to be able to like climb onto Vingstar
Mike Sackton: right, but if they wanted to search it, or you know, go.
Mike Sackton: kidnap, Falterk.
Eric Rosenbaum: see.
Mike Sackton: or anything. We have quite a few staff on board now, or like terrorize the staff, who are now probably all hiding being like. Why did we sign up for this? They're driving into a giant game
Mike Sackton: like I've got to be a little nervous, right?
Tim Sackton: The only one is not hiding, is Ketchup, who is flying in a circle super high up in the sky, like far enough that well be is probably only one is prospect perceptive enough to see him.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we we park at 50 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: and and I set a rainbow bridge down to what the steps of the palace the steps of the palace. Yeah. Yeah. So the steps of the palace are about.
Tim Sackton: Each stack is about the size of wellbe  so obviously rock climbing to get up. And 2 other gi. There's the giant, the like guard giant.
Tim Sackton: He's just like
Tim Sackton: covering his mouth and kind of laughing a little bit
Tim Sackton: watching you. I mean, it's not that much easier. Bobby is actually probably having easier time than the dwarves
Tim Sackton: risen in heavy armor. And
Mike Sackton: should we just
Mike Sackton: like. why don't we just fly?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's struggle our way up.
Mike Sackton: I don't think being laughed at the right play here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair point.
Mike Sackton: like I'm gonna I'm carrying this giant present for
Mike Sackton: yeah, right? Like, I brought the giant thing right like, I'll just look at the steps and I'll you know they're like. If they're wondering like what I'm gonna do, I'll just cast fly.
Mike Sackton: I'll touch resin and
Tim Sackton: secretary. I mean political point while Video and Kenzo can fly. If they well, Kenzo's not having a problem. He just runs up. Staff. Yeah. Runs up yeah steps.
Mike Sackton: I'll just like, calmly, like, you know, if they like are looking like, oh, this this looks silly. What's he gonna do? I'll just calmly, you know. Look at, look back at them.
Mike Sackton: cast, fly, touch these guys, and just hover up.
David (he/him): I'll go up with
David (he/him): acrobatically, though. Just like making it look effortless despite the size. No obstacle whatsoever
Tim Sackton: make an acrobatics check
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of surprising. There's no dwarf stairway given the presence of dwarfs here. They probably don't want them in the palace.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we went in the service entrance and around the back, I'm sure, around the back. Yeah, there's probably a tunnel or something
David (he/him): that's actually
Tim Sackton: yeah, that's actually a 20. I don't think role 20 does the minimum
Tim Sackton: well, cause it's an 8. So it's a 10.
Tim Sackton: I guess you didn't have to roll, because, right, you can't roll less than a 20. I've got.
Tim Sackton: Well, yes, okay. You may get acrobatically up the stairs.
Tim Sackton: passing the DC 20 with flying colors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sure
Tim Sackton: the the giants are kind of I mean, they're they're like, The thing that catches their eye about deal with is not so much the flying, but the fact that you thought to bring a gift
Tim Sackton: which apparently was not
Tim Sackton: ex I mean, there's appreciative of that, and not expected such like, you know, simple folk, to understand the etiquette of a giant court.
Mike Sackton: I was debating whether, by the way, do we know enough about giants to know whether they would like gems? Is it worth making the eyes. Gems
Tim Sackton: you?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you would have no real way of knowing that. I mean. let me rephrase that. There isn't any sort of stereotype of Gi. They're not like dragons. They don't like hor shiny things or anything. There's no like stereotype that would suggest
Tim Sackton: most dragons appreciate acts so it would be very much an individual like does this king like that sort of thing? And you'd really have no way of knowing that.
Mike Sackton:  the, I mean.
Mike Sackton: we can decide when it comes up. But
Mike Sackton: yeah, party folks tell me if you think it would make when it when we present it to him. Tell me you think putting some money into the eyes would be worthwhile.
Mike Sackton: Anyway. Keep going, Tim.
Tim Sackton: So the the you can see now as you're down on the ground and kind of looking around that there's basically
Tim Sackton: what looks like
Tim Sackton:  like 3 giants kind of  standing around 2
Tim Sackton: 2 men and and one woman
Tim Sackton: who seem to be like the, you know, the
Tim Sackton: palace. Not exactly, staff, but the
Tim Sackton:  nobility guards core TR, or is.
Tim Sackton: It's not exactly clear exactly what the status is, but they certainly seem to be the like hangers on around court, or something like that, right?
Tim Sackton: and they're all kind of joking around and laughing and kind of just like smiling at each other, and and kind of
Tim Sackton: it's clear that they don't see like there's not. Not a lot happens at court most days right like.
Tim Sackton: So the appearance of you know, 2 dwarves, a human halfling, and an elf, because. despite the fact that they're kind of making fun of you, for being really small is
Tim Sackton: like caught their eye right like
Tim Sackton: and the door.
Tim Sackton: So the door to the palace swings open.
Tim Sackton:  And you sort of stumble into this
Tim Sackton: massive Paul.
Tim Sackton: It's dim, it's not.
Tim Sackton: It's not brightly lit inside. There's just some blue light coming down. It's almost like it's carved into into the glacier itself.
Tim Sackton: and there's
Tim Sackton: just light filtering down through to the glacier that cast this blue glow. It is
Tim Sackton: exceedingly cold.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh, nice Mike.
Tim Sackton: exceedingly cold like
Tim Sackton: I mean, you are. This is
Tim Sackton: 1520 degrees colder than outside, at least, like you're basically stepping into a freezer.
Tim Sackton: Everything is may like, carved of ice like these massive pillars of ice that stretch up
Tim Sackton: 50 feet into the sky. And there's just a huge cavernous space. and you can see sitting on
Tim Sackton: the throne after move.
Tim Sackton: Eric and Kong sitting on the throne. Although there's no giant on this throne, because Dolly is not quite that good yet.
Tim Sackton: Is this
Tim Sackton: frost giant? He has a white, the longish white beard wearing armor. There's a
Tim Sackton: giant acts resting against the side of the
Tim Sackton: of the throne.
Tim Sackton: His. His hair is pulled back, and he's got a circlet like a silver circlet set with
Tim Sackton: blue stones, probably sapphires or something. Tying back his hair, which is also like tied in a ponytail in the back. He has bluish eyes.
Tim Sackton: The light is sort of casting a pale blue glow over everything which makes this
Tim Sackton:  his skin look
Tim Sackton: almost have a bluish tint.
Tim Sackton:  Although, as Harris white, he definitely does not look old. This is a man, and in its prime, although it's hard to tell exactly
Tim Sackton: how old the Frost Giant is.
Tim Sackton: They live like hundreds of years. So
Tim Sackton: it's hard to say, and he  He smiles and stands up
Tim Sackton: as you all approach, and he kind of looks looks down at you in this
Tim Sackton: kind of smiling?
Tim Sackton:  you know it's not. It's not exactly a welcoming smile. It's more of a
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: These are.
Tim Sackton: This is great to have something new in my court. Smile.
Tim Sackton: And he
Tim Sackton:  like sort of waves, says in this booming voice, in common as as you approach.
Tim Sackton: Greetings. Welcome to my home of Eisenborg! It is a pleasure to see travelers such as yourself come to honor this court.
Tim Sackton: Please come, tell me of yourself
Tim Sackton: any like motions. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soul site, almost. Ben just been a key like how powerful is he?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's like, significantly stronger than any one of you.
Tim Sackton: He's like
Tim Sackton: step level 17 equivalents roughly.
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: very like strength. Obviously by far his  his
Tim Sackton: strongest ability score.
Tim Sackton:  What is it? As
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: what is his weakest
Tim Sackton: Intelligence or no dexterity, is as weak as intelligence and dexterity, but immune to colds. Not surprisingly.
Tim Sackton: no other immunities or resistances.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just vibe wise is he, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, sincere, curious blah blah the biggest vibe. I'll make an insight check actually with advantage, cause you're still set up. You want to roll these money for me, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is easy.
Mike Sackton: I got it. Who's gonna who's gonna roll?
David (he/him): Good thing there was advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, brutal!
Tim Sackton:  Okay, you've got like a plus 8. So that's like an 11.
Mike Sackton: I got a critical hit, did like 300 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's my own fault
Tim Sackton: for not being as cool as wealthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, for not logging
Mike Sackton: his. His vibe is definitely
Tim Sackton:  A sort of air of friendly superiority.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Do I do. Ice shines do the equivalent of like arm wrestling. Can I like fight in one on one just for fun?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you might be able to make something like that happen.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure if you wanted to, you could. But do you really want to? You probably lose one on one
Eric Rosenbaum: you could get one of the minions instead of the King himself.
Mike Sackton: I still haven't landed. Actually. I'm like Guy flying high enough that I'm not way down on the ground
Mike Sackton: right? So like. So he's not looking way down right like not like above him, or anything. But you know.
Mike Sackton: 2 feet below his eye level. I think we dwarfs might actually also stay close to eye level.
Eric Rosenbaum: just to emphasize the difference between us. And and then the normal way he interacts with dwarves.
Mike Sackton: And I'll start by presenting this giant baked.
Mike Sackton: neat.
Mike Sackton: shaped into an elk slash dragon thing, and I think we should give them. I think this Horn would be a good gift.
Mike Sackton: We can. We can afford the 400 to 600 gold
Eric Rosenbaum: screenshot of mammoth text. Yep.
Mike Sackton: So I was gonna have to horn around its neck right and present this and and like. Tell them we have come.
Mike Sackton: Barry, and obviously to this is fetched with our guide, with my guy. The whole point of this is that I'll get advantage during Christmas checks.
Mike Sackton:  and also to have a gift. And and say, we've come. We are travelers.
Mike Sackton: we are heading east. We have come to seek his advice on the dangers of the land, and hear his stories and pay our respects
Tim Sackton: he kind of smiles and and claps his hands, and
Tim Sackton: did not realize such civilized folk came in such small packages.
David (he/him): Yeah, please.
Tim Sackton: Any sort of motions for you to set your gifts. Yeah, on in front of him. Yeah. Yeah. And he like collapses his
Tim Sackton: his hands. And
Tim Sackton:  coming out from the the
Tim Sackton: side hall is you see another frost giant?
Tim Sackton:
Tim Sackton: she is somewhat older and
Tim Sackton: she kind of walks with her head down a little bit, and you can see one of her arms like is injured somehow. It must have like been broken and not healed properly, or something, cause it like doesn't
Tim Sackton: move quite right,
Tim Sackton: And and he he sort of yells over to her in giant which deal with understands.
Tim Sackton:  That dress! Move that
Tim Sackton: quickly. Now take this nice present and make it the centerpiece of our feast.
Tim Sackton: Hurry!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have guests, you
Tim Sackton: says some word, and giant that you interpret to be some kind of like derogatory term
Tim Sackton:  and and she kind of walks over a little bit, and then like
Tim Sackton: bumsily picks up this these things and and begins to founder walk off.
Tim Sackton: And he then turns to you and says in common, now
Tim Sackton: please tell me your stories. I would love to hear
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your travels and tales. We get
Tim Sackton: so few visitors of quality in this place.
Tim Sackton: I hear tell that you 2 have killed one dragon.
Tim Sackton: Is that correct?
Mike Sackton: Just not 1, 3 like me, but
Mike Sackton: we. We have killed one dragon.
Mike Sackton: That is no small feat for somebody so little.
Mike Sackton: A daemon quite fearsome.
Mike Sackton: I mean. What's what was the demon's name but M. Something to the corrupter. Bash 2 mash to the corrupter
Mike Sackton: a.
Mike Sackton: I now I can't even remember what the demon was like the size of a small pond.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he is pretty big, 20 feet right? Like, you know. I'll describe Mosh to a bit right? And of course.
Mike Sackton: Beyond dying.
Mike Sackton: perhaps our
Mike Sackton: most
Mike Sackton: dangerous
Mike Sackton: opponent. We have faced Grosch, the undying possessing of a ring
Mike Sackton: prevents death.
Tim Sackton: troublesome magic
Tim Sackton: good of you to stamp that out. I appreciate your service.
Thank you.
Mike Sackton: We are heading. I'll continue right well, embellish a little bit right like, but tell them a little bit of without getting into too many details. A little bit of the stories of killing.
Mike Sackton: Grims, Grim, Grimaceall!
Mike Sackton: Those are probably our 3 biggest accomplishments right
Mike Sackton: in terms of killing
Mike Sackton: things. Yeah.  you know, might mention.
Mike Sackton: you know, there was a there was a there was a huge I mean deal with kill the the giant devil from?
Mike Sackton: Oh, there was that! Wasn't! Wasn't there a shhhh!
Mike Sackton: Wasn't there a giant involved in that somehow?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there was, in fact, it was a ghost of a frost giant who had fought for Shamat
Eric Rosenbaum: Zagron. But we worked with zoom.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll actually tell the story of Zechron, too, while I'm at it right and how zegran was betrayed he was betray. I am. I remember this correctly. He was betrayed by betrayed by
Tim Sackton: he was betrayed by hobgoblins, who are too cowardly to come and fight the dinner card.
Mike Sackton: And and
Mike Sackton: did we free his. We released his ghost, or we
Mike Sackton: just weren't we killed I get. Don't remember what what we did.
Mike Sackton: I should go back.
Tim Sackton: I don't remember if you I don't think you
Tim Sackton: he told you where the armbed was that right find? And you went and you killed some hobgoblins he was pissed at. But then you had this whole crazy plan to like
Tim Sackton: dropped the entire army and all of those banishing stuff. And
Mike Sackton: alrighty.
Mike Sackton: But I'll mention that right, and also the devil that That was a pretty big devil is another.
Tim Sackton: So sorry. What are you mentioning that you just the names that go on? Goblin? Just
Mike Sackton: a ghost of a frost. Giant Vegron.
Mike Sackton:  Who we
Mike Sackton: took revenge upon his enemies. I'll just leave it at that.
Mike Sackton: although if he asks, I'll make clear his enemies were hub goblins.
Mike Sackton: but weave out the whole. He was working for Shabbat unless
Mike Sackton: this guy is like oh, I knew Zebron, he was a bad guy, or I knew Zegran. He was a good guy, something like that. But
Mike Sackton:  And then, after we've sort of told those stories, unless
Mike Sackton: I don't know, maybe it's worth
Mike Sackton: mentioning. Kenzos. Didn't you fight
Mike Sackton: death or something like that? Kenzo?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I've died many times in in your solo adventure. What wasn't there something with like the land of the dead. I thought I thought, brush
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that was gross. Okay, it was grashes like, so that's just comes out of the garage story where we talk where I talk about how your tattoos were constantly battling grosh and like Gosh! Couldn't, couldn't touch you, because Grosch was afraid of, you know. Right
Tim Sackton: like halfway through he reaches beside the throne. He picks up a barrel and just takes a swing from it of like a giant barrel of of beer, and he sort of looks around at you.
Tim Sackton:  Where are my manners? And he shouts,
Tim Sackton: bad dress bad dress in, giant.
Tim Sackton: Get some puny little things for them to drink out of.
Tim Sackton: Take some of the dwarf stuff they won't notice. Well, it doesn't matter if they notice
Tim Sackton: few minutes later.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll is. Is he offering from our like is he getting? I'll ask if if I may drink some of his like it does this barrel to share, or is it just his.
Tim Sackton: No, no, this is his, but he's yelling for his servant to bring out drinks for the rest. Right
Mike Sackton:  And then, as the story sort of lines down will all explain that we are heading
Mike Sackton: east.
Mike Sackton: and we heard that he was the
Mike Sackton: master of these parts.
Mike Sackton: and we do not feel it would be right to pass by without paying our respects.
Mike Sackton: and asking if there was any advice he would
Mike Sackton: pass on to us of the dangers we might face further east, or how he would
Mike Sackton: navigate them
Tim Sackton:  make make a persuasion check
Eric Rosenbaum: secret meanwhile, is looking around. There's any like hunting turf he's mounted on the wall, or other interesting, that 24 did that go through to
Tim Sackton: Yup? I got it.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: let's see, like the the walls of this room itself are like like. This background image is actually pretty accurate, like the
Tim Sackton: columns of ice that run down the middle, then separate from the from the galleries, and it's the galleries are.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I guess you have dark vision. The galleries are are pretty much in are like dim light and shadow.
Tim Sackton: But you can see that there's these like giant woven tapestries that are hanging on that up against the ice in the back of the galleries.  They all seem to be depicting scenes of
Tim Sackton: this giant Brimsgarda.
Tim Sackton: biting or killing something.
Tim Sackton: There's one showing him like with a with a dragon in a head lock, and with his giant axe just like wailing on it.
Tim Sackton: There's like one where he's standing. There's a
Eric Rosenbaum: there's like a silvery white.
Tim Sackton: worm-like creature that's rearing up from the trees, and he's standing like looking up over it with his axe over his head, like about to chop its head off
Tim Sackton: or cut it in half.
Tim Sackton: there's like
Tim Sackton: or more with him. Fighting dragons like the Fighting Dragon seems to be a highly recurring theme here.  but they're all basically scenes like this, right? Like, there's about
Tim Sackton: 8 on each side of the 8 on one gallery and 8 on the other gallery that are depicting basically various fights against various legendary monsters that seem to mostly be dragons and ice rooms. But there's
Tim Sackton: there's like 3 others. There's
Tim Sackton: there's one that's actually him fighting another giant
Tim Sackton:  fighting
Tim Sackton: and clearly beating another giant.
Tim Sackton: It's like him as he's standing about to be head another giant who is, who is clearly defeated at battle.
Tim Sackton: Another frost giant.
Tim Sackton: There's there's one where he's fighting what looks like a a swarm like 4 or 5 or 6 of these
Tim Sackton: remarks, is like ice sort of insect giant insect, like creatures that are.
Tim Sackton: They're like a standard. DD monster.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do do we know about these things. Oh, boy.
Tim Sackton:
Tim Sackton: Did you see that in?
Tim Sackton: Well, 20. That's kind of what they look like they're like, send to PE. They're like many legged ice creatures that
Tim Sackton: like run around and then have these giant jobs. They they are also like ambush. And it's fighting like 3 of those at once.
Tim Sackton: But yeah, that seems to be. And then you can see that there's
Tim Sackton: like in the back past the throne. There's like a there's like the big one side there's like a big door
Tim Sackton: that leads off somewhere, and the other side there's a very little door like 6 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: that probably leads to some service entrance or service quarters.  So as you're talking as seekers looking around
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the woman
Tim Sackton: veterans
Tim Sackton: comes back and she's bringing.
Tim Sackton: she is carrying like a tray that has
Tim Sackton: another barrel of what looks like beer. And then
Tim Sackton: 5 glass 5 like little glasses like normal human size. Actually, Vera, relatively like, like pint glasses, basically. But they look super tiny, even as she who is not as tall or as big as the king, brings them over and and puts them down. And
Tim Sackton: she's also brought on this
Tim Sackton: cushions like sort of relatively large pillow, like sofa cushion size pillows
Tim Sackton: and she sort of baths, and and says in giant to the king.
Tim Sackton:  my lord, I brought as you asked, and I thought maybe your guests might be cold sitting on the ice.
Tim Sackton: I hope it's okay.
Tim Sackton: Any kind of smiles any
Tim Sackton: mentions. Please sit.
Tim Sackton: Food will be here soon. Drink.
Tim Sackton: I will tell you my tales of glory.
Tim Sackton: my battles against the dangers in the East, and you will learn what to do if you wish to survive in this horrible territory
Tim Sackton: any motions and
Tim Sackton:  like. She
Tim Sackton: makes this sort of awkward.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Attempt to poor from this barrel into these tiny little glasses kind of spells things, and he yells and her bed, and she starts off.
Mike Sackton: When she starts to try to pour. I'm gonna cast shape water and just direct it into each glass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, as I'm also like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: starts dozing because it reminds him of like when he was an acolyte monk, and like the the kind of main monks were like telling you like, what's gonna be on the test.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this they're like, this is exactly what's gonna happen instead of getting really tired, because just reminds him of like, you know, what's you know? You pay attention for this part, and then it's gonna happen. And so you start like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: subconsciously dozing.
Tim Sackton: So he begins to tell stories, and it's clear that Brimsgarda can talk at length about his heroics.
Tim Sackton: He
Tim Sackton:  speaks about fighting dragons, about the
Tim Sackton: you know the
Tim Sackton: his first.
Tim Sackton: his first battle,
Tim Sackton:  his first dragon, that his first battle that he fought when he was a young king against
Tim Sackton: the White Dragon, grim winter
Tim Sackton: who he crushed freeing. So people of the Snfnet
Tim Sackton: he doesn't. He actually doesn't call them the Shiv. No mountains he calls them
Tim Sackton: He calls them him thrower. freeing the people of him through from grim winters, reign of terror.
Tim Sackton: It was a turning point.
Tim Sackton: He talks about like everybody, was so grateful and happy to be freed from the dragon's rain.
Tim Sackton: The tribute came for years. Blah! Blah! Blah! It goes on at length, basically about how amazing he was to kill this dragon
talks about
Tim Sackton: iceworms.
Tim Sackton: describes his fights against them, says
Mike Sackton: the real thing you gotta watch out for is when they swallow you, and he looks at you, and he says, never been a problem for me, but
Tim Sackton: points at you.
Tim Sackton: What happens when they swallow you?
Tim Sackton: He looks he looks kind of
Tim Sackton: puzzled. Like squins. Down
he picks up
Tim Sackton: the barrel and chug some beer
Tim Sackton: food. You know the concept of food.
Tim Sackton: I'm saying you are its food.
Eric Rosenbaum:  So that's that's a situation to avoid. That's your recommendation.
Tim Sackton: Maybe some people like getting eaten.
Tim Sackton: Who am I to judge?
Eric Rosenbaum: But yes, I would avoid that thing, that situation, and he was
Mike Sackton: sorry. Go ahead, Derek.
Eric Rosenbaum: did they?
Eric Rosenbaum: What
Eric Rosenbaum: vulnerabilities of this fearsome creature do you cleverly exploit in order to defeat it? Is there a way to surprise it, or a way to strike it that especially harms it?
Tim Sackton: Wow! Let me tell you the tale of my fight against the ice. One first thing you must know is how to spot them.
Tim Sackton: They go, they bury in the permafrost.
Tim Sackton: but the trees will sway as they move.
Tim Sackton: If you see trees swaying in a line, you know where to set your ambush.
Tim Sackton: That is the first thing you have to watch for.
Tim Sackton: So I'm trying to look up that here we go.  When they spot you
Tim Sackton: they will erupt, opening a giant fissure in the earth. Well, I say, giant.
Tim Sackton: not such a giant for a giant
Tim Sackton: for you
Tim Sackton: about my size.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do not fall into it.
Kate Sackton: That will be very bad for you.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: watch out for its tongues
Tim Sackton: lash out, wrap around you, and drag you into its gaping moth.
Tim Sackton: If you're swallowed, your only hope is to stab it.
Tim Sackton: stomach as quickly as you can
Tim Sackton: before the stomach acid consumes you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Vulnerabilities. Well.
Tim Sackton: the best you can do. One of those tongues flashes out at you
Tim Sackton: hit the tongue as fast as you can.
Tim Sackton: An axe is good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Strike it and make it pull back before it can pull you into its mouth. I had 3 tongues wrapped around me all 3 of its tongues. With one mighty blow of my act I cut through all of them.
Tim Sackton: watched it rear up in the sky, aim my blow and struck its neck.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you could do that, but maybe a similar strategy adapted for smaller creatures could walk work.
Mike Sackton: II have 2 sort of questions I want to be asking as he's talking about these things.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: The first is, when he was talking about the dragon any idea of when this was would be useful.
Mike Sackton: But he said, He's a young king right like
Mike Sackton:  So
Tim Sackton: when this was
Tim Sackton: about 60 years ago.
Mike Sackton:  And then the other question is. as he's talking about these killing these monsters.
Mike Sackton: Does he ever do anything with the
Mike Sackton: carcasses? Does he sell it? We've heard rumors that these people that there's people who buy these things.
Mike Sackton: Is that true?
Tim Sackton: He kind of looks
Tim Sackton: so at. Why would I? Why would I resort to base commerce
Tim Sackton: when my loyal subjects bring everything I need to me to honor
Tim Sackton: my great might in battle.
Tim Sackton: Those there's the little people of the wood run around, and they scavenge things. they have nothing better to do than
Tim Sackton: try to sneak around and scavenge at the bits and pieces that are left from our kills. But
Tim Sackton: I let them. What difference does it make
Tim Sackton: but cell? Huh! I never would need to sell anything
Tim Sackton: for small folk to deal with.
Mike Sackton: Well, sort of gesture to the. Now I would do that. I was gonna point to the dwarves and say, See these people. But now I would do that. You are correct.
Tim Sackton: The the wizards will apparently buy anything for those who are desperate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I've heard some of the
Tim Sackton: the little folk of the woods survived by.
Tim Sackton: since they are not worth the effort to protect. I mean. what could they do for me? Why would I protect them?
Tim Sackton: Some of them trade with the wizards, some of them, even, I believe. are protected by the wizards.
Tim Sackton: But it took last winter.
Tim Sackton: It took 9 of those wizards to kill one dragon.
Tim Sackton: I could have killed it by myself.
Tim Sackton: I don't give them much thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dragon killing. How many of these white dragons are there?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do many remain. You're going East. and you don't know about the dragon spawn of Vim Frost.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Kate Sackton: we did stop to ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're here to learn.
Tim Sackton: It's a good thing that you came to my kingdom. for you surely would have died without my advice.
Tim Sackton: Some hundreds of years ago
Tim Sackton: great Dragon Vimfrost ruled the lands before my time.
Tim Sackton: I think if I had been born in those days he would not have established such a presence.
Tim Sackton: There's an option.
Tim Sackton: Ben Frost lived far to the east. The base of his territory was far to the east.
Tim Sackton:  in
Tim Sackton:  He lived
Tim Sackton: beyond the river that the that the humans call
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: The cat
Tim Sackton:  in the
Tim Sackton: Yokoscar mountains
Tim Sackton: covered in glaciers buried in snow.
Tim Sackton: Vim frost was.
Tim Sackton: the rumors are that he was one of the most powerful of its kind.
Tim Sackton: and hundreds of young dragons were spawned
Tim Sackton: from him. Perhaps a thousand.
Mike Sackton: Is that unroll 20? Is that these mountains up here?
Mike Sackton: These ones?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: and they have
Tim Sackton: raided the Southern lands ever since Dim Frost was killed.
Mike Sackton: Who did kill him?
Tim Sackton: Oh. nobody important
Tim Sackton: a human king, I think.
Tim Sackton: Derek somebody.
Tim Sackton: It was all politics.
Mike Sackton: He must have had many, many months war.
Mike Sackton: He must have had many, many, many helpers to achieve what you would have done by yourself.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, and and
Tim Sackton: of course he had many helpers.
Tim Sackton: Even some giants.
Tim Sackton: Bjarn Frost fought in the in vim. Frost war
Tim Sackton: he never came back.
Tim Sackton: They call them Bron John Frost the mighty, but I do not think he was that mighty if he could not come back from a silly little war with humans.
Tim Sackton: But that was hundreds of years ago.
Tim Sackton: Isambard was a different place then. Different time
Tim Sackton: doesn't. It's not really relevant to my rule.
Tim Sackton: So yes, many dragons
Tim Sackton: vim, frost, spawn.
Tim Sackton: and many of them.
Tim Sackton: I believe we're
Tim Sackton: fought each other for dominance and power, and
Tim Sackton: have come south and waves ever since.
Tim Sackton: But my people are safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have the dragons ever attacked this stronghold.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, Grim Winter tried right after I claimed the throne.
Tim Sackton: Foolish choice of that, or pathetic beast.
Eric Rosenbaum: As I get closer and engaged in conversation. I wanna try to inspect the sapphires.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Like. What? What are you trying to?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I don't have a way to dev detecting if they're magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: or can I use my identify?
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget exactly how my goggles work.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Della can cast detect magic
Eric Rosenbaum: just takes 10 min. but the the goggles just
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, let me cast identify. Yeah, once a day. I'll use that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's obvious it's gonna be obvious that you're casting a spell, and you can't just like silently cast spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: even when it's the goggles doing it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, for the you still need it. Your, I mean, you have to put the goggles on. You have to like
Tim Sackton: right? It takes a minute for the spell to go into effect right? It's not really super subtle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, maybe I'll just inspect them. First of all.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're big sapphires. They're set in this this
Tim Sackton: silver circuit circlet.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? They'd be portioning proportionally. They'd be
Tim Sackton: huge. They're like the as big as like, you know your forearm.
Tim Sackton: but there doesn't seem to. I mean, they're obviously quite impressively cut and
Tim Sackton: possibly even shaped with magic. But there doesn't seem to be anything particularly
Eric Rosenbaum: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wouldn't get too close to the giants face. Yeah, he's sort of looking down at you.
Tim Sackton: He is still talking about about white dragons. After I killed grim Winter. There was Eskanyar.
Tim Sackton: I had to go find his lair. I smashed that ice cave like it was nothing
Tim Sackton: keeps going still talking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton:  At this point, as he's like halfway into the story of how he killed is Kenya.  The the woman that dress comes back with
Tim Sackton: like a trail of 5 or 6
Tim Sackton: d say, 6 stone born, 2 stone born and 4 dwarven servants
Tim Sackton: who are kind of following her, and she is carrying
Tim Sackton: what looks like. I
Tim Sackton: like a whole roast
Tim Sackton: goat, like one of these massive 10 foot long, goats on a giant platter, and then sort of next to it.
Tim Sackton: The the goat's been sort of moved around a little bit, so it's like curled around this very small, but still in, you know, giant, but also small compared to the goat
Tim Sackton: centerpiece that Darwin made.
Tim Sackton:  and and then it's like piled with these
Tim Sackton: sort of weird kind of they almost look like
Tim Sackton: like blue-white melons, like frozen
Tim Sackton: if you took like a cantaloupe and
Tim Sackton: turned it bluish, and then froze it solid and with like there's like cracks running down the top.
Tim Sackton: And she
Tim Sackton:  puts this stuff down and clears  clears the space. There's like steps leading up to the
Tim Sackton: up to the the giants
Tim Sackton: throne, and she puts this down. She like
Tim Sackton: begins to set down the this giant platter that she's carrying, and there's like folding legs on the bottom of this tray that she unfolds to make it into a table. And so it's kind of in the center of the hall.
Tim Sackton: And it stands maybe
Tim Sackton: 10 feet tall
Eric Rosenbaum: family.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton:  the the like. The dwarves and stoneborn servants are carrying like smaller place settings for humans sized.
Tim Sackton: She goes and she rings a bell and
Tim Sackton: Some other giants begin to file in to apparently
Tim Sackton: sit and eat
Tim Sackton: the and they all like. There's 6 of them now, and no none that have you that you've seen before, like
Tim Sackton:
Tim Sackton: 2 women, another man.
Tim Sackton: and then 2.
Tim Sackton: What look like giant kids like twin boys who are maybe 10 feet tall. So they're like.
Tim Sackton: you know, 8 equivalent of like 8 year olds, or something like that.
Tim Sackton:  all began to trump in. And that brim Scara kind of looks, and it's like great. Thank you for coming.
Tim Sackton:  any emotions.
Tim Sackton: Let's welcome our guests.
and everybody comes
Tim Sackton: down and kind of gives a weak smile.
Tim Sackton:
Tim Sackton: So you they kind of set. Everything's kind of set up. The giants are all just kind of talking to each other, kind of loud, boisterous.
Tim Sackton: They're not really sitting down to any organized meal. They're just like ripping
Tim Sackton: pieces of meat off of the
Tim Sackton: the roast goat, and like they'll take these ice melons and hit one just with their fist, and it cracks open, and they're just eating it kind of.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is not a sort of neat, quarterly, courtly crowd, apparently. But the Vetris, the like. Servant
Tim Sackton: woman is like getting pieces and serving all of you, and has arranged the
Tim Sackton: the pillows like a little bit off to the sides, that you can eat  and everybody is just kind of looking down at you like
Tim Sackton: cool, but also sort of who are they?
Mike Sackton:  I'm gonna make sure the King notices the horn around the dragon's neck. That's for him.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, he
Tim Sackton: I mean, he saw when you first brought it, and he's like
Tim Sackton: he is like showing that off a little bit like they brought gifts. They sort of like.
Tim Sackton: you know, at this point, after everybody's seen it, and he's shown off the gift.
Tim Sackton: He takes the horn
Tim Sackton: slings it on his side, and kind of.
Tim Sackton: you know, looks at it as a nice as a nice present.
Tim Sackton: So the fees goes on like you can, whatever interactions you wanna role play or just try and information you want to get, let me know.
Mike Sackton:  you said, there's like 6 giants, something like that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sex giants.
Mike Sackton: I mean. At first, I think they was kind of gonna hang to the side and just observe and like. Let them talk right
Mike Sackton: especially within to what they're talking about
Mike Sackton: in giant Ish, presumably
Mike Sackton:  and I can always refresh tongues if I have to but
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton:  at some point. If it seems like there's somebody for whom
Mike Sackton: it would be
Mike Sackton: possible to do so subtly. I kinda wanna try and find out a little bit more about
Mike Sackton: dwarfs like. How many dwarfs are there? Where do they all come from? But again, only
Mike Sackton: to the extent that are there any dwellers who are not
Mike Sackton: protected by brimscara right.
Mike Sackton: but only to the extent that doing so isn't gonna be like obviously asking questions right? Like, only to the extent I can
Mike Sackton: weave it into a story, or like, listen to somebody who's talking and like, ask them a non, a question that would naturally cause them to.
Mike Sackton: I want to appear curious about the dwarfs. It's just
Mike Sackton: if I can get them to talk a little bit about, you know, hey? Are there dwarves who are not
Mike Sackton:  not actually protected? And are they all dead? Or what right?
Mike Sackton: The other question would be, What was the old Guy Kit again. Don't wanna ask any direct questions. But
Mike Sackton: there was a previous king. How did how did this guy become king? That kind of question, that one you could probably just ask right like.
Mike Sackton: How did you become the glorious leader of this glorious place?
Mike Sackton:  anything else we wanna know. I
Eric Rosenbaum: think you definitely want to try some ice melting
David (he/him): understanding the land secure better, and our and the people I mean, I know they're sort of like vermin to him. But like, what?
David (he/him): How do we connect with them? Or how do we get closer to Ersk.
Mike Sackton: to the
Mike Sackton: did the Bar Guild ever bring the giants gifts.
David (he/him): Were there any of the giants who could serve as a guide to us? And how far could they do that.
Mike Sackton: or do any of the yeah? Are there any of the giants who would? That's a great.
Mike Sackton: Do any of the giants? Is there any of the giants who want to ride on a chip
Mike Sackton: for a little bit fun.
Kate Sackton: or giants that have previously adventured East.
Tim Sackton: So over the course of the evening, as you
Tim Sackton: feast and eat and talk you do hear? So so you do hear the story of how Brim started. I came to power
Tim Sackton: sometime after so apparently this war with Bim frost kind of
a number of giants died in this war with Jim Foster, including
Tim Sackton: Jon Frost, the mighty. The old, the old King of of
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: isn't as in org. Right
Tim Sackton: Asin Borg is the name of the steading. The hall is the palace. The
Mike Sackton: there's a big time gap between when the old King died. And yeah.
Tim Sackton:  So many of the
Tim Sackton: frost giants
Tim Sackton: after Vim Frost's war ended up backing Shamat
Tim Sackton: and fought in Chile's armies. and they were led by a woman.
Tim Sackton:  pray! Vidra.
Tim Sackton: who ruled, but was allied with the dragons, and would not fight against the dragons.
Tim Sackton: And. by the way, Brim Scara tells it. She was like
Tim Sackton:  She was like a servant of the children of them, of them. For us
Tim Sackton: she would raid the stone born in the dwarves, and the
Tim Sackton: the little people of the forest, the Vargold, and rather than keeping the tribute.
Tim Sackton: she would leave it for the dragons.
Tim Sackton: And there was a faction
Tim Sackton: that got sick of her weakness.
Tim Sackton: her incompetence, her inability to
protect the giants.
Tim Sackton: the impoverishment of the kingdom of
Tim Sackton: call hala, which is what he calls the entire Frost Giant kingdom.
Tim Sackton: And so they killed her.
Tim Sackton: and then brim. Skarda fought off the dragons and claimed the throne.
Tim Sackton: and since then has
Tim Sackton: restored the rightful order of the North.
Tim Sackton: where tribute flows to the frost giants, not the dragons.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And that was like 60 years.  so
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: what was the other question. anybody who.
Tim Sackton: So you get the sense that you are currently feasting with
Tim Sackton: So as the piece goes on, it's obvious that this is like
Tim Sackton: Brimstardo's family. Basically it's
Tim Sackton:  you know his wife, his sister, his
Tim Sackton: brother-in-law, his nephews.
Tim Sackton:  These are. This is like the core of the of the court of Eisenborg. None of these people are going to  Leave court on a
Tim Sackton: you know, on on a quest with you.
Tim Sackton: There are other giants. If you want to spend the night and sort of ask around. There's like at least another
Tim Sackton: 6 giants that live here. That would certainly be a possibility. But you're not going to convince any of.
Mike Sackton: Well, right? But presumably these people know the other 6 giants. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, like, it's not so much about Con. It's not like we're trying to convince
Mike Sackton: one of these 6 people to come with us. It's more we're just trying to find out.
Mike Sackton: Are there any giants who live here, who are crazy adventure wanderers who might be interested
David (he/him): or even just have the knowledge and can like or just
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate Sackton: like I said, somebody who's gone East for their own reasons.
Tim Sackton:  okay.
Tim Sackton:  hmm.
Tim Sackton: So you you get.
Tim Sackton: you just say, no, nobody's interested multiple possibilities here.
Tim Sackton:  so basically, your understanding from from like listening to the conversations, and just like being curious and
Tim Sackton: friendly and open, and sort of
Tim Sackton: rottering of of brimstarda. Is that
Tim Sackton:  You know he's got his family, and then his like loyalists, right? The the guys who are sort of hanging around the palace
Tim Sackton:  And then there's a handful of tribute collectors.
Tim Sackton: And and basically there's sort of 2 possibilities for somebody who might be
Tim Sackton: could who could be convinced to travel.
Tim Sackton: One would be one of the tribute collectors, like the people who goes around
Tim Sackton: taking stuff from the dwarves and the stone board, who's widely traveled.
Tim Sackton: who's been out East?
Tim Sackton:  would probably ask for payment.
Tim Sackton: I mean he. You could hire one of these people as a guide for some decent theme.
Tim Sackton:  there's some question as to whether there's
Tim Sackton: how they would get home.
Tim Sackton: But it could be all be negotiated right? There's definitely people who have traveled out into the East. They don't really bother collecting tribute from the Varga, because they're not under rooms. Carla's protection, and they don't make anything useful according to the king.
Tim Sackton:  And it's not like they have treasure that's worth taking.
Tim Sackton: they kind of just let the dragons kill them if the dragons come and
Tim Sackton: dragons need to. They dragons need some release valve right like. You can't completely stop dragons from rampaging. So
Tim Sackton: you know, every now and then one will come out, and if they kill some of the Varga doesn't really matter to them. But they do travel out into the forest sometimes.
Tim Sackton:  the other possibility would be
Tim Sackton: the good for nothing, son of the
Tim Sackton: of it, like older couple who are sort of retired, but who were crucial to Brimsgarda's takeover, and so end up.
Tim Sackton: You know they're they're well looked after. but they have a useless son. Who cares more about history then battle.
Mike Sackton: and then nobody's ever found anything to do with him at court. He's never been East
Tim Sackton: but Brim Scarler, I'd be quite happy to send him off with you because he's used for us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that should be, I mean
Mike Sackton: would brim sky to like test to show them. You know battle and make sure he's. You know we would love to take him under our wing and show them what actual
Mike Sackton: you know, life out on the on the eastern slopes is like, right? Like, that'd be perfect.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you think. just don't come crying to me when he runs from the first ice room you find.
Tim Sackton: Never even seen him pick up a sword. I don't even know if he knows how to use one.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's we.
Mike Sackton: We understand. We will not, we will not.
Mike Sackton: we don't. We don't hold his his honor, and yours is equivalent. You're not. Oh, he doesn't have honor. Yeah, there we go, like, I said, useless.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he never came back. Nobody would mind
Mike Sackton: great even better.
Kate Sackton: Are we just thinking big might be useful.
Mike Sackton: No, this guy present these giants, I mean, what we're thinking is what I'm thinking at least, is these giants are all
Mike Sackton: totally biased towards strength. And the one smart guy probably actually knows stuff.
Mike Sackton: And he could teach us all kinds of interesting things. Liu, Giant, historian of the North. Yeah, he's gonna know. A ton of a ton of stuff
Mike Sackton: probably knows how to.
Mike Sackton: probably has all kinds of useful skills. These guys just don't value. That's my theory. We go apprentice him to the philosopher skills right? Exactly like, or he's actually, in which case.
Mike Sackton: maybe he's like just an imbecile and like totally useless, and is just gonna try and break things. Which case or he's like a sadistic dwarf torture. But they never noticed cause they don't bother to count them. But if he's a sadistic dwarf torture we could just leave him for the ice worms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you don't need to be nice to him. It's just it. That sounds perfect. I think we should. I think we should take level ice giant crew member.
Mike Sackton: That's that's the theory, right? Like the theory is, he's a smart guy. He's gotta know something. He's gonna meet our historian Orcs. We should get one historian from every every species, but only the species that are like that would be, typically don't have historians exactly.
Mike Sackton: A giant at org. Get a hub goblin out there somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Vampire would actually go to the Vampire kingdom and get a vampire story in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where I think this is more like Noah's flying arc, like cause. I like like Kenza's already collecting like coolware plant species from all around, you know. So now it's just add more like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get a few ice worms. Get a few like, you know.
Mike Sackton: we gotta keep the ice worms in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: We could get some icews, but only if we keep them in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what we should get. The the fucking. The monk guy who makes these dimensional traps, we should actually get them to make like little like like offensive weapon traps like little like little like, you know, surfaces that they can trap them in there and then we actually like release them in battle, like intentionally. So it's like a cannon, but with an iceworm in it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but it's like like the bottom of the sky ship could have, like all of these cool tiles, just drop like different creatures and stuff that we catch a whole pixelated like floor of just like different creatures that we can release
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like really jet lag. But I think that's a good idea.
Kate Sackton: Release the creaken.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike Sackton: So after the feast, I mean, we wanna meet this guy. we'll basically agree with
Mike Sackton: that we're gonna take this good for nothing with us. and try and knock some sense into him.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: you know, take him for his hospitality. I don't. I think I think we've achieved our goals here, and we should weave before we mess something up. And he decides to kill us.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: So you spend the night on the sky ship, I assume. And then
Tim Sackton: the next morning
Tim Sackton:  find
Tim Sackton:  let me just hold on.
Tim Sackton: You find
Tim Sackton: Algerd.
Tim Sackton: who is the Frost giant historian.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing
Tim Sackton: so.
Tim Sackton: And he
Tim Sackton: I mean he was not invited. He has not met you before.
Tim Sackton: he's kind of so he's
Tim Sackton: the the sort of morning routine here, as you sort of get up in the morning, seems to be that there's always there's always a couple of guards that you know. Get up in the morning and spar
Tim Sackton: brim. Skarda, apparently like stays up late drinking and doesn't get up in the morning.
Tim Sackton: And so the sounds you hear are basically the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: sparring
Tim Sackton: of the giants. Then apparently
Tim Sackton: the job that this historian.
Tim Sackton: Paul Gard, is left with is basically cleaning the goat pens.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so you find him shoveling
Tim Sackton: rather large piles of goat droppings and, like the goats, are eating these like massive piles of these.
Tim Sackton: of the shells of these ice cores that the giants split open and eat the insides of
Tim Sackton: which are kind of like ice cream.
Tim Sackton: like sweet Italian ice kind of flavored, but the there's like giant piles of these
Tim Sackton: of the shells of these gourds scattered around this big go pen and the goats are sort of munching away, and
Tim Sackton: this giant is shoveling.
Mike Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: it's clear that nobody's told them anything like nobody's like. Come and talk to him and been like
Tim Sackton: I'm sending you to on this skyship, or anything like that. Nobody really seems to bother speaking to him at all.
Mike Sackton: Let's like show up. And I mean, let's introduce ourselves right like
Mike Sackton: start with an introduction. Right? We are.
Mike Sackton: We're travelers we've and let's I mean, why not flatter him? We've heard, you know, a lot about the area.
Mike Sackton: or know a lot about the history of the area out
Mike Sackton: right? And you know we were hoping you would talk to us for for a bit.
Kate Sackton: Are you speaking to him with tongues? Again? You want to ask if he knows common? Is that like due to meaning?
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could just talk to him and
Mike Sackton: dwarfish right. See if he probably knows dwarfish.
Kate Sackton: Alright, but a lot of these people
Tim Sackton: and he he sort of bends down and carefully to hear you, and like.
Tim Sackton: leans over.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you know, being sort of careful and polite and and
Tim Sackton: and he's like he doesn't. He's clean shaven. He still has a sort of slightly bluer skin
Tim Sackton: which is hard to tell if it's just the light or the
Tim Sackton: where the frost giants are. His hair is relatively short, but kind of pulled back slightly and and kind of
Tim Sackton: yeah. Held in sort of a very short ponytail in the back. His hair itself is
Tim Sackton: slightly like bluish, like dark blue.
Tim Sackton:  And he's wearing. He's not wearing armor. He doesn't seem to have any weapons. He's wearing
Tim Sackton: like pretty dirty robes actually
Tim Sackton: but he sort of bends down carefully and and
Tim Sackton: leans in, and he and he says in a
Tim Sackton: very loud
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: but wave slightly wavering voice like
Tim Sackton: I heard there were little people in
Tim Sackton: in here visiting.
Tim Sackton: Thank you for introducing yourselves. We don't get many of your kind.
Tim Sackton: Why are you talking to me?
Mike Sackton: We thought you might
Mike Sackton: know something of value
Tim Sackton: about what
Mike Sackton: the history of the East.
Tim Sackton: and you would consider that a value
Mike Sackton: very much.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you'd even like to see our ship.
Mike Sackton: You might even know some of its history.
Tim Sackton: He looks over.
Tim Sackton: I would enjoy that
Tim Sackton: sort of stands up slightly and like, is very sort of cautious and careful around you like what to make sure he doesn't accidentally step on any of you. and begins to sort of walk slowly and look over at the ship, looking up. It's still like 50 feet up, so just kind of pairing up
Tim Sackton: fascinating bends down again very carefully
Tim Sackton: to be close to you.
Tim Sackton: You fly it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll point the seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't. You don't have to shout. Yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: yes, some of us have the skill of ship.
Eric Rosenbaum:  It is known as
Eric Rosenbaum: Vindras Jarna.
Tim Sackton: the Star of the wind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Precisely.
Tim Sackton: It must be very old
Eric Rosenbaum:  we think it is. Yes, it has a long history, and we are just its most
Eric Rosenbaum: recent caretakers.
Tim Sackton: These are pretty good in
Eric Rosenbaum: text. These pictures. Yeah.
Tim Sackton:  he kind of looks up. And again, may I see it
up close?
Eric Rosenbaum:  perhaps we are protective of it, of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: We hear you're a student of history. What are you interested in?
Tim Sackton: Many things.
Tim Sackton: my people.
Tim Sackton: your people.
Tim Sackton: dragons.
Tim Sackton: even sometimes the humans.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have any knowledge of those wizard settlements on the coast.
Tim Sackton: Some.
Tim Sackton: There are not many books about them
Eric Rosenbaum: books. You say you're interested in books.
Tim Sackton: I am writing a book
Mike Sackton: about what
Tim Sackton: about Dim Frost's war
Eric Rosenbaum: and its consequences.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are its consequences.
Eric Rosenbaum: or do I have to wait and read the book?
Tim Sackton: My thesis
Tim Sackton: is that
Tim Sackton: vim frost without vim? Frost? Much would be better here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Because when he killed
Tim Sackton: they say his name was Pron
Tim Sackton: Bjarne. When he killed Bjarne Frost the Mighty.
Tim Sackton: There was a
Tim Sackton: power vacuum that was filled by unsavory people.
Tim Sackton: your people and my people. and the shape shifters and the stone-born all used to live in harmony.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are these shapeshifters?
Tim Sackton: Brimstarda calls them the little people of the forest.
Tim Sackton: They live in the in the taiga
Tim Sackton: they mostly hide
Eric Rosenbaum: because they have no one to protect them.
Eric Rosenbaum: What shapes do they shift into
Tim Sackton: animals. Mostly, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: although it's confusing sometimes
Tim Sackton: because there's also the giant bats that we stay away from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
Tim Sackton: I don't think they're the same thing, though
Tim Sackton: shapeshifters
Tim Sackton: seem less.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what the word is
Tim Sackton: unwholesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Are you going East?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, that's our plan.
Tim Sackton: Lots of dragons.
Tim Sackton: you know that right.
Kate Sackton: It has been mentioned
David (he/him): hard to hide.
David (he/him): Oh, yeah.
David (he/him): what we will say telepathically to this, like, what's our? What's our read on this guy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and my soul site also.
Tim Sackton:  yeah. I mean, he's like super open book.
Tim Sackton: When you soul say, I'm like he's not trying to hide anything.
Tim Sackton:  he seems like very
Tim Sackton: like. He generally just wants to write his book and like literally, nobody cares about anything that he does here, and
Tim Sackton: he's just sort of curious and chatty
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm
Tim Sackton: is definitely weaker than you like, significantly weaker than you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wasn't there another scholar that was like him that we met
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from? Toe intel crap
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like I wrote books that nobody read and was like anyways.
Tim Sackton: Govier was writing a book, but
Mike Sackton: nobody read it, cause he got kidnapped by werewolves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the
David (he/him): which
Mike Sackton: so is he coming with us? What's the plan?
Mike Sackton: Did we invite him yet?
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like he probably would if you invited him.
Mike Sackton: Did we invite him up on the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, not yet.
Mike Sackton: Let's invite him up on the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why? Why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret? Okay? Sure. Yeah. I'll show him around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we do. We want a nice giant?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we we should just we should just invite him to come with us
Mike Sackton: like, does he want to go do some research on the safety of our ship.
Kate Sackton: Does he hunt animals, or does he just eat like melons.
David (he/him): and they see comfortable, never returning to his home again.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm a vegetarian.
Mike Sackton: Must get along well with the other giants
Tim Sackton: now.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, not well.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's funny.
Kate Sackton: Is there even a word for that in torvish
Tim Sackton: for vegetarian. A non carnivore is what he calls himself.
Tim Sackton: Hi! Well, travel for a time.
Tim Sackton: long as I can bring my books.
Tim Sackton: and you have a place to keep them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd love to compare books. We have a few on board.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we'd even do a trade if you're interested.
David (he/him): We could expand the archives
Eric Rosenbaum: or just share and make copies.
Tim Sackton: How big are your archives?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we have plenty of space that's twice as big as seek care.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we have 8 of these
Eric Rosenbaum: we can make room.
Mike Sackton: but a whole third. Daca is mostly unfinished.
Mike Sackton: and he might he might not get like a super nice room, because we need to give him the big, unfinished bottom deck
Kate Sackton: which we might need to chill for him.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what's in all these? Oh, yeah, what's in all these huge volumes that you'll bring with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they your notes for your future work?
Tim Sackton: Some?
Tim Sackton: Pahala was not always quite so
disdainful of the written word.
Eric Rosenbaum: 6 of these books were written
Tim Sackton: during Darn Frost's rain
Tim Sackton: 300 years ago. Now
Eric Rosenbaum: we see that could hold interesting historical facts.
Tim Sackton: Indeed, yes. the language is somewhat difficult to read because they were not well preserved.
Tim Sackton: So I am trying to copy them. Do you have lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of blank paper by any chance
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know
Mike Sackton: hard to get. We must have some blank paper
Eric Rosenbaum: magically generate it somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just temporary when we do that, though. Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we can fabricate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rizwin can make some resin can make permanent stuff. I think we can help you out
Tim Sackton: great. I will come and copy my books on your ship then.
Eric Rosenbaum: and in exchange
Eric Rosenbaum: you will assist us with questions of
Eric Rosenbaum: historical interest or other local curiosities that you might have some insight into.
Tim Sackton: I can tell you about dragons. but I don't fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, we won't ask you to fight. We fight.
Mike Sackton: you'll fit in. There's 7 others on our vessel that haven't actually left, because while we brought them to a giants hold which they don't appreciate.
Mike Sackton: you'll have to be nice to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might even make friends.
Tim Sackton: That would be interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not had since my sister left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where'd she go?
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I'd like to find her?
Tim Sackton: She challenged Brim! Scara!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: But she did not succeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what also happened with
Kate Sackton: Grace Tris, or whatever her name is
Kate Sackton: 10, pretend I remember dress.
Kate Sackton: She just got hurt
Tim Sackton: fighting
Tim Sackton: and can't fight anymore.
Tim Sackton: So she's useless according to Brim scar.
Tim Sackton: If I were her I would have left.
Eric Rosenbaum: How are you?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we going now? I will go. Get my books. Very good, very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Please do, please do.
Tim Sackton: And if you find a frost giant wandering in the
Tim Sackton: anywhere. Let me know, please. I guess I will be with you. I will say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good. Good idea. Yes, good idea.
Kate Sackton: Shed them out. What you spend
Tim Sackton: walks off, comes back like 15 min later, with this sack over his shoulder, with like 8 massive giant sized books.
Kate Sackton: Awesome. Bring a melon, and so it can grow more.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's got a like a note
Tim Sackton: stack of melons.
Mike Sackton: seeds, melon seeds. We need melon seeds. Did these seed. These melons have seeds.
Tim Sackton: they only grow in glaciers. Do you have a glacier?
Kate Sackton: I'll look over at kids, though
Eric Rosenbaum: we we could have been a small one. Can we? Can we make a glacier?
Mike Sackton: I guess we could try.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, our ship is practically a mountain already.
Mike Sackton: Should we make like an ice hole in the bottom
Eric Rosenbaum: or on top, it would be an interesting experiment. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: but you can try some different vegetables.
Tim Sackton: I well.
Tim Sackton: I can freeze almost anything that makes them palatable.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can freeze things out.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, we're not going South, are we
Mike Sackton: not yet?
Tim Sackton: Just hold it out in the air. It will freeze
Eric Rosenbaum: right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brilliant.
Mike Sackton: You've solved all the problems. So good at asking questions.
Kate Sackton: Can you move the ship a little bit lower? I can't quite reach.
Kate Sackton: are we? Gonna
Mike Sackton: aren't we? Radio bridging up.
Tim Sackton: Cover the Rainbow bridge right? Oh, well, that support my weight. It looked very flimsy.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it'll support your weight. In fact, you can't even really walk on it. Just try, doesn't it teleport you? What do you touch it? Oh, magic! That's very interesting.
Tim Sackton: fascinating! Your ship is very nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks. How do you keep that tree alive in the winter.
Mike Sackton: More magic. I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Greenhouse
Tim Sackton: magic tree. The tree is a magic tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Thermal heating
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: local magic ecosystem around the tree like tree tree creates like a little, you know.
Kate Sackton: Just make sure it's only the tree, cause I don't want to be warm.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the the storage hold is unheeded. Do not fear.
Tim Sackton: I will make that my room then.
Mike Sackton: Yes, there's lots of empty space there. Make yourself at home, pack it as full of ice as you would like there. Yes.
Tim Sackton: is there a window so I can reach out and get ice?
Eric Rosenbaum: We we could figure that out once we're once we're underway. Thank you. I would appreciate that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will go. Make my room now.
Mike Sackton: The ice archives a new room in our empty bottom floor.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: he goes down
Tim Sackton: and you leave the giant static
Tim Sackton: heading.
Tim Sackton: heading east.
Tim Sackton: Let's see.
Tim Sackton: So you're going.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think your plan was basically to follow the course of the
Mike Sackton: of the river. Is that correct? Correct? Yes. So we were going to. Where are we now?
Tim Sackton: Right now you're like this. Why isn't that working?
Tim Sackton: This
Tim Sackton: kind of tallish peak right here. We want to head down, pick up the river here
Mike Sackton: right, and then just follow this river all the way to where is the where is the Northern Ersk town?
Tim Sackton: It's on this river that, as far as you're aware. Okay, but like Earth doesn't like.
Mike Sackton: basically, it's like, it's like, way, okay, so like, Erskum doesn't really stretch past these mountains here, why didn't we just fly over the ocean.
Kate Sackton: The bats!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: I,
Tim Sackton: the wizard, fly out of the ocean is because you didn't want to approach Ersk from the coast. You're right, the super defendant
Eric Rosenbaum: you didn't fly. A closer
Tim Sackton: path is to avoid the vampires.
Eric Rosenbaum: The vampire kingdom is like here.
Mike Sackton: So like we, we didn't wanna go past scare, and then over the green sea. and then come in to Ersk from here
Mike Sackton: because we wanted to start here.
Tim Sackton: and you didn't want to go straight, because then you would fly over the vampire.
Eric Rosenbaum: They could have gone way.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could have gone all the way out here and then come back in this way that would have made too much sense. So
Mike Sackton: I don't know the Kanku turtles to go north.
David (he/him): That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
Mike Sackton: Tim didn't want to make up Erawa, this island
Mike Sackton: you wanted to make up the noise. No, because the cancu that's what the cancun now, right? He's never been to Airla. He can guide you through the yes.
Tim Sackton: So it takes, you
Tim Sackton: see, that's like a hundred miles. And then that's
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: 40. Okay? So that's one day.
Tim Sackton: 2 days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Okay, so we'll say you spend the next
Tim Sackton: 3 days roughly.
Tim Sackton:  here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we should. We should have some place on the wiki, or whatever like like a group shot of like our whole squad and all the Npcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna
Tim Sackton: II had too much. I've had too much work to do. But I'm gonna make like a little card grid of.
Tim Sackton: But you all need to make get. I need better images of all of you, because a lot of you have very
Mike Sackton: low quality, that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I think like funny, like, group shots were all like posing, like, you know, like
Tim Sackton: those are harder to pull off, but Anybody who wants to try is totally welcome. I tried to make deal with at 1 point, but I couldn't.
Mike Sackton: It was hard. The problem is, if you have a clear sense of what you're trying to. If you actually have a good
Mike Sackton: vision of what you want, it's really hard to get AI to actually do it. It works best when you're just rolling the dice until you get a picture. You like.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, that that seems right to me
Tim Sackton: so you leave the steading of Eisenborg around.
Tim Sackton: you know. 10 in the morning, roughly
Tim Sackton: and you fly for the first day you descend from the mountains, and you reach the frozen expanse of the cat. and you begin to follow
Tim Sackton: the course of the river heading
Tim Sackton: roughly east.
Tim Sackton:  The next day
Tim Sackton: you continue traveling further east. descending down
Tim Sackton: out of the foothills of the mountains, and into this just vast expanse of rolling
Tim Sackton: northern forests.
Tim Sackton:  just stretching as far as you can see, for hundreds of miles in all directions. The only thing breaking
Tim Sackton: the rolling expanse of the of the vast woods is the line of the cat, which itself
Tim Sackton: is frozen
Tim Sackton: still. In the middle of March
Tim Sackton:  march twentieth comes, and you continue traveling east
Tim Sackton: until the morning of March 20. First.
Tim Sackton: as you've now reached. So let's see, that's
Tim Sackton: one that's 48 h. So 480 miles of travel.
Tim Sackton: Where is the ruler?
Tim Sackton:  So that puts you roughly.
Tim Sackton: roughly there.
Tim Sackton: which is still
Tim Sackton: only about a third of the distance, less than a third of the distance.
Tim Sackton: You still have another.
Tim Sackton: maybe 1,000 miles to go.
Tim Sackton: as far as you know, but
Mike Sackton: 10 days something like that.
Mike Sackton: 240 miles a day. So
Tim Sackton: 4 days. 5 days to collect some monster parts
Eric Rosenbaum: when you see
Tim Sackton:  in the distance, maybe
Tim Sackton: 20 miles ahead on the frozen river.
Tim Sackton:  What strikes, I would say, well, be
Tim Sackton: as something like somewhat unusual, just a pair of elk.
Tim Sackton: and they seem to be running along the river
Tim Sackton: just 2 of them. You've almost never see out isolated right? They're almost always traveling in her.
Tim Sackton: maybe their caribou, and
Tim Sackton: to the east of them along the forest
Tim Sackton: the trees are swaying.
Mike Sackton: Oh, perfect! Let's go kill an ice Ramaras, which is hunting 2 of the shape shifters. This is a brilliant and perfect situation. We can save their lives and
Mike Sackton: make friends. Make friends. Let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what do we do? Exactly. We could. Can we Rainbow Bridge
Eric Rosenbaum: to them and just scoop them back up onto the ship.
Mike Sackton: No, we wanna Kit, we want them iceworm parts.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: And I'm guessing I staggers aren't gonna be super useful against it all. Maybe.
Tim Sackton: Tommy, what you're doing. Oh, yeah, we can't attack them with the ice daggers.
Kate Sackton: I mean, that's as we can. And and just Sharna to rescue those can we like? Put
Eric Rosenbaum: it somewhere in between? The
Mike Sackton: how far away are they?
Mike Sackton: Can we
Mike Sackton: like, are they?
Mike Sackton: Basically we?
Mike Sackton: If we fly the ship down like 5 feet above the ground.
Mike Sackton: like we did against Grosch.
Mike Sackton: Can we interspersse ourselves between the shell ship and them
Mike Sackton: when you spot them? They're like
Tim Sackton: 15 miles away.
Mike Sackton: You don't have any way of without using the Rainbow Bridge. You don't have any way of closing the distance, so we got a rainbow bridge. That's our only choice. Fine. We're gonna Rainbow Bridge.
Mike Sackton: right? But we may as well
Mike Sackton: prep for battle before we Rainbow Bridge right? We could take one turn to cast some useful battle spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: How how big do we think this iceworm phenomenon is? Is it like the size of a school bus?
Tim Sackton:  It was bigger
Tim Sackton: from the tapestry. It was bigger than
Eric Rosenbaum: the giant, the giant.
Tim Sackton: so like 50 feet long, or something so probably 40 to 30 to 50, 40 to 50 feet long. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: though. I'm
Mike Sackton: thinking.
Mike Sackton: hold on a second.
Mike Sackton: I'm thinking that
Mike Sackton: why is probably a good choice here.
Eric Rosenbaum: definitely flying. Wanna be flying
Eric Rosenbaum: like
Eric Rosenbaum: carefully out of range of the tongues.
Kate Sackton: If strength helped the frost giant with his attacks, I could like
Kate Sackton: enhanceability and gives somebody like full strength or
Mike Sackton: none of us. We're all freakishly weak, and none of us use strength for fighting. Dallas fights with his force of will. Kenzo fights with his dexterity.
Mike Sackton: Bobby fights with his dexterity.
Mike Sackton: Rosalind, don't you use wisdom to fight.
Kate Sackton: can so
Mike Sackton: wax things with his, but it uses his dax. His strength is on minus one like like the rest of ours, except risen, risen, has strength.
Mike Sackton: Resin is the only person who has strength in this entire party. Correct?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Next campaign we should all pick the same character files. It's like all the rogues
Mike Sackton: I've seen people suggest doing that. Actually, it can be kind of fun. It can be fun, actually, maybe not for a 4 year long.
Mike Sackton: It it can be tough not to feel like you just all do the same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: But you should all be. But if you're all like
Tim Sackton: yes, I'll be Clarix, or wizards, or bards, or
Mike Sackton: even rogues, actually, almost any class. You can make it work if you plan it like
Mike Sackton: anyway. Okay, don't you take like a minute or 2 to make your battle plan, and then
Eric Rosenbaum: it begins.
Tim Sackton: It begins.
Mike Sackton: I can't do spirit shroud, and
Eric Rosenbaum: she's what's gonna even hurt this thing. It's so big
Kate Sackton: a wall of fire
Mike Sackton: definitely, I mean stabbing it with a stabby pointy object.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, it's hard to do that while being really far away from it.
Mike Sackton: I'm not planning on staying far away from it.
Mike Sackton: That's that's my advice. Actually. This is. This isn't the one with the tongues, though that's the other thing. Right? That's the bug. But honestly, even if it does.
Mike Sackton: I guess you can't misty steps somewhere. You can't see
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Mike Sackton:  but I also have. I can always turn into a bunch of bugs and fly out of its mouth. I'm not that worried about being
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true. Well, that makes
Mike Sackton: what if I one of you?
Mike Sackton:  it's probably we don't probably have a whole minute to prepare right
Tim Sackton: the longer you prepare the quick, the more you risk it to out. Get neat.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): I'm just
David (he/him): between it.
Mike Sackton: I mean our usual. I just in theory I could cast 3 spells.
Mike Sackton: Take 1 min to get 2 of my spell slots back, and so that I could totally buff up on tons and tons of spells.
Mike Sackton: but that requires taking a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like slow would be helpful in this instance, because it is chasing
Eric Rosenbaum: the elk. So if I can have its speed, that might be helpful. Yeah, sounds good
Eric Rosenbaum: where the range is 120 feet. So I have to be pretty close.
Mike Sackton: but honestly, seekers should just. That's why that's why you can fly. That's why I'm giving everybody fly. Thanks. What's the speed of fly? 60 foot fly speed alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: The only thing is I'm giving everybody fly and then going into combat, which means that eventually you'll lose. Fly.
Mike Sackton: Well, you do have your. I know I'd have to decide. Yes, if I need to. I could burn. I have 6 uses over the course of the campaign to auto succeed a comp concentration check. But I want to save those for like a poly on
Mike Sackton: yeah, you probably don't need all 6. But there's gonna be a bigger, more when we kill one of the white when we're fighting one of the white dragons later on in this arc. Right?
Mike Sackton: Alright, I'm gonna just cast fly and armor of Agatha, and then refresh one slot. So I'm down. Just keep in mind. It's almost certainly a mute to cool down, I know, but 2510 hit points is quite useful.
Mike Sackton: I've never actually successfully damaged anybody with arm of Agatha since, like
Mike Sackton: session 2 or something like that. But the 25 temporary hit points dealt with alive like 56,000 times right.
Mike Sackton: like half of them. I'm like, I have 5 hit points left. But actually, I started with 25 more than I should have. So
Tim Sackton: got it.
Tim Sackton: Just wanted to make sure. Yeah, no, no, I'm sure it's a I'm sure it's immune to cold.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So
Tim Sackton:  I do not actually have a battle map, but I will just draw the scene here.
And
Tim Sackton: this is not, shouldn't be there. Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: that was a cool battle map.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's it's just way, too, so small for the size, right? I see.
Tim Sackton: Here's the here is roughly where the river is.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: moving through
Tim Sackton: ready to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll get in here. Con.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: okay
Eric Rosenbaum: is big.
Tim Sackton: It's very big.
Tim Sackton: And do I have
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenza's gotta learn how to ride. These things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are tokens on there. No. Sorry I'm trying to put that. That's your alcohol here. I think it's so cool.
Mike Sackton: It's actually 30 feet by 30 feet. That's pretty big.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And then there's the 2 alk. there's it right there. Where are your characters?
Tim Sackton: So where do you want to show up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Mike Sackton: like the same spot because of the Rainbow bridge.
Mike Sackton: Let's be 60,
Mike Sackton: actually, like, right by the, I would show up right by the out like, right?
Mike Sackton: I would show up like there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you can move yourself to where you show up. I assume you have the la the ladder here
Mike Sackton: somewhere like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's funny about the latter. I wasn't sure that would make sense, because the latter is relatively slow moving.
Tim Sackton: Well, okay, you don't have to use the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wasn't allowed to. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah. 75 feet means you can move and still get off.
Mike Sackton: I can't get well.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be funny if the ladder gets swallowed and somebody's gotta get swallowed. So let's bring the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. what letters in like it up
this?
Mike Sackton: Who who is? Wait? Who, Kenza, are you going in to fight this thing?
Mike Sackton: I was thinking about it, but now I'm thinking I might have some spells from. I mean, there's some spells like a cast from really far away that actually would do a lot of damage to it. So maybe I'll do those first and then fly in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, Kenza's definitely gonna do it going. But maybe I'll do some like gotta be smarter and do some like Dashi or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. Have a great role for initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nope.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Tim Sackton: Doweth is 20.
Tim Sackton: Welby is first
Tim Sackton: seeker is 8 when it can 0
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: as you all magically appear on the Rainbow Bridge the
Tim Sackton: To Alks. Look at you!
Tim Sackton:  in surprise.
Tim Sackton: Kind of look back at each other and well be gets the jump
David (he/him): right. I am going to take steady aim. Use a honed scare arrow. So I'm gonna add one to this roll and use all 4 charges of the fire and just hit it with everything I have.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you're 70 feet away. So you're still outside of your oh, no, it's 80 feet. Is your long range. Okay, perfect.
Tim Sackton: Go for it.
Mike Sackton: And where do we save for our hats?
David (he/him): 25, actually, 25. That hit Yup. The there is damage is 25, and then
David (he/him): 18? Is the fire damage on top of that?
Mike Sackton: Is there a turn order that I'm not seeing? No, II
Tim Sackton: really need to fix role 20, so that it's easier to use. But
Mike Sackton: the turn orders are always broken. Okay, no, that's fine.
David (he/him): I just have it on paper. You're next after. Well, after welding, okay, that's the 13 consec for the fire damage.
David (he/him): It's him
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: fails. Oh, Nope succeeds
Mike Sackton: not mean to draw that. I don't know how to erase it
Tim Sackton: the 13 con save is for subsequent turns. That's the initial damage. It's just
Tim Sackton: whether it takes continuing damage. So it still takes the initial
David (he/him): 18 damage awesome.
Tim Sackton: So while these arrows strikes it as it. you can see now, it's like you can just see, like the first part of its head rearing up out of the
Tim Sackton: snow and ice as the trees are starting to collapse around it, and as well, these arrows strikes it. Remember all of the rest of you have advantage for the first round.
Tim Sackton: It rides and rears up at a massive crack.
David (he/him): shoots out of the ground, or massive to a giant thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: massive to
Tim Sackton: you and actually a giant. It's a hundred feet long
Eric Rosenbaum: that way
Tim Sackton: all the way to the Alks
Tim Sackton:  20 feet wide.
Tim Sackton: So let me actually just yeah. draw this.
Mike Sackton: Why is a good spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we're in the air. I'm not standing just to be clear who is standing.
Kate Sackton: No one would be the power to fly while Kenzo might be standing because I didn't give you flight. You have to be ravens whistling.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Dallas is about 15 feet or 20 feet up in the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm flying. I'm flying like everybody else.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, it's the heroic ladder. Gonna go rescue those elk. They're not flying.
Tim Sackton: It's still. This is all. Now a giant gash as it emerges from the earth. Anybody who's flying does not need to make a saving bill.  but to alk fall in
Eric Rosenbaum: bye.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they fall into water, or they fall in. Well, yeah, so actually, this is now this cracks the ice, they fall into the freezing river.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, can can somebody save them like the latter
Tim Sackton: that ends Wellby's turn? And it's legendary action. Now it's dealt with.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to. Let's see, I have 60 move. Hold on!
Mike Sackton: Wait! Hold on! I guess. Sorry I should. I should know what I'm doing. I just gotta check something.
Tim Sackton: The 2 alka like struggling in the cracked, frozen ice of the river
Mike Sackton: powers. There is a
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, maybe I can use wall of stone to like protect the elk.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a weird idea.
Mike Sackton: Magazine.
Mike Sackton: I am okay. So I am going to. I can't find the range of.
Mike Sackton: But there it is, 30 feet. Okay. So I have to get a lot closer.
Mike Sackton: I have 60 foot move. I was like there. So
Eric Rosenbaum: this thing's move. That's gonna matter a lot like, is it going to be on top of us next turn? Probably
Tim Sackton: probably
Eric Rosenbaum: like, how fast was it moving through the forest like, quite fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: probably like 40 or 60 feet around.
Mike Sackton: So I'm gonna get.
Mike Sackton: hey, Mike? 7. Yeah, I know what you're doing.
Mike Sackton: I'm getting within 30 feet. I'm mark of the huntering. It just kind of keep track. I'm then casting mystic arc, my my mental prison on it.
Mike Sackton: So it's a DC 19 int, save.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: okay, it is going to use a legendary resistance.
Mike Sackton: Alright. Well, it still takes damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And as it as it moves, you see this like
Tim Sackton: mental wait. Sorry! What does mental prism do?
Mike Sackton: It creates a illusion around the creature.
Mike Sackton: such that only such that it can't
Mike Sackton: It can't see out of the illusion it would, it would be thinking it's surrounded by a wall of fire, would be the illusion I was creating for it, and it takes 10 to 10 damage if it pierces the illusion.
Tim Sackton: It is immune to being charmed.
Tim Sackton: so it auto. It doesn't have to burn a legendary resistance, but it still takes the damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's immune being churned. -Oh! And then I will go back. 1, 2, 3, 4,
Mike Sackton: so that's 5 d. 10 psych damage. How much? Okay
Tim Sackton: that ends. Dallas. Turn as it kind of shakes off this spell. And just kind of looks, and then it moves 1, 2.
Tim Sackton: I'll just use the thing. It moves
Tim Sackton: 60 feet through this tunnel that it just made.
Tim Sackton: and as it bursts up into this tunnel 3 tongues
Tim Sackton: lash out.
Tim Sackton: One strikes well, they that's a 19 to hit.
David (he/him): let's say hit.
Tim Sackton: You take 14 acid damage and you are grappled.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Tim Sackton: One strikes riswin. That's a
Tim Sackton: 25 to hit.
Kate Sackton: Hmm. my armor classes 24
Tim Sackton: you have a good A/C.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you do. So you take
Tim Sackton: 18.
Tim Sackton: You take 21 points of acid damage and are grappled.
Tim Sackton:  that's probably not gonna hit deal with. That's a 16 misses
Tim Sackton: the third tongue, Misses Della.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, sorry it would be. I thought this was go with, this is Kenzo. Right?
Tim Sackton: It's just shooting at the 3 people in the cluster here, but that's still Mrs. Ken. So so Riswin and Welby are grappled
Tim Sackton:  in its tongues.
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna end. It's turn.
Tim Sackton: Prevent spell casting. Nope, Nope.
Mike Sackton: but it's probably gonna bring you into its mouth next turn?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's the thing eating. That's the problem, really. as we as we've discussed.
Tim Sackton:  Oh, sorry I forgot. It has a bonus action. It is going to take riswin
Tim Sackton: in its tongue, and it's going to slam you into Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow!
Tim Sackton:  risen. You take 10 points of budget zoom damage, and, Kenza, you have to make a dexterity savings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I? Can, I deflect, riswin into the worm?
Tim Sackton: No, that's only attack roles. This is a saving throw. But you can try and dodge out of the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's funny. So make a dexterity saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: dodges out of the way as it's trying to slam rizwin into you, but riz when still takes the 10 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenzo, you're up and seeker.
Tim Sackton: then seeker Kenza, then seeker, then resin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then the first souls I spend some key. Tell me everything. It's immune to
Tim Sackton: charm.
Tim Sackton: charmed, frightened or being knocked prone, or it's kind of too big to be grappled.
Tim Sackton: Highest ability score is strength and constitution. Lowest is intelligence and charisma
nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's like
Tim Sackton: this is A, I mean, this is not a it's. It's like Cr, 15. It's slightly stronger than any of you.
Tim Sackton: not quite as strong as a giant kid.
Eric Rosenbaum: You wouldn't want to meet this thing by itself in an alley
Mike Sackton: immune to being charmed and being frightened.
Tim Sackton: Darn! Oh, man, what the fuck my 2 fucking things.
Tim Sackton: Do you have? No, I'm it's a it's from a book I didn't even know that's crazy. Those are like my 2, my 2 special fucking moves for, for
Tim Sackton: I mean you could always hope it rolls poorly on. It's on, save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you can attack, it's tongues I'll do or strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whoa! Should I? Should we rescue the Elks?
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody. What? The ladder rescue the elves like
Mike Sackton: we need to kill this thing. Let's not get distracted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's gonna eat, risen
Tim Sackton: like in the next turn or so. Remember, the giant said. It swung its axe again at the tongs, and they let go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would I would punch the tongue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm gonna start attacking the town
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, Tim, I'm going to do con aura strikes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get advantages around right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that advantage from well-being. Yup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. 27. That's just it. Right? That hits Yup
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that 11 damage. And Tim, I spent a key on the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gone.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what happens is it? Does he gets done.
Tim Sackton:  Now.
Tim Sackton: Khan is the strongest ability. He makes the same. But he does take extra damage. Wendy. 10 extra damage, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, plus 3. That's right. Hold on.
Tim Sackton: so with that, though, that's enough. Damage. The tongue retracts into its mouth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? What's going on with this like fifth edition, like, I can't roll Dyson shit on this. What the fuck is this going on with? Roll 20?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I'm talking about. There's some kind of fifth edition like backgrounds classes. I don't know. There's some weird
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't roll dice
Eric Rosenbaum: that's weird. Try try refreshing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, quick on the little click on the little chat at the top.
Mike Sackton: You're on book on chat, right? Click on chat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's like a little too little. Okay, okay, got it? Got it.
Tim Sackton: They? It's now like weird. That happened me, too. Yeah. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: D, and D, beyond is was the release of maps
Mike Sackton: feature relatively soon. And then we can just ditch roll 20. I use the D and D beyond maps feature. It's actually not bad.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, I advise. It was actually functional.
Mike Sackton:  it's it worked, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1013. Damage. More damage. Okay, that yeah, that makes it release the tongue releases ribs when and retracts it to its mouth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'm gonna keep going. Second attack. Or actually, a yeah second attack with the staff
Tim Sackton: on the tongue holding well, be, or on the creature. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still get advantage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: so 23, or it's all attacks the first round. Right? Well, right, Schwartz, I believe. So, trip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yeah. So 2023
Tim Sackton: got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm spending another key. That's 15 damage spending another key on a constitution. You can only do that once a term.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bastards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? But you're gonna get.
Tim Sackton: keep attacking. You get
Tim Sackton: you get 3 attacks.
Tim Sackton: You got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2 staff attacks. And if you spend a key, 3 punch attacks. Yeah. So I'm going to do 3 more on our strikes.
David (he/him): Yeah. All advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27. Let's see if I got a rep. Natural. 20, that, wow rolling really? Really? Well, okay. 28. That definitely fits that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14 damage for the first.
Tim Sackton: how much was the damage for the other attack?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 for this? Okay? So that's okay. So that tongue also retracts
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2 more. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I've got 2 more. I'm assuming that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does the 20 hits him.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So now both the tongues are retracted. So I assume you're back to attacking the main thing. Okay, yeah, back to that. So this is 9 damage to the main thing. Yep, that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then final attack of the 5 attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm assuming 23 hits, but I'll see that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do not. The 23 hits, and that's another 16 damage. Wow, man, I do a lot of fucking damage with about attacks so
Tim Sackton: well. Kenza just goes into this flurry and knocks both tongues back into the mouth.
Tim Sackton: and then charges at the beast itself.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: attacks it
Tim Sackton: as speaker
Eric Rosenbaum: the tongues retract, turns to
Eric Rosenbaum: to bravely leap into and or out of the fray.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I will go back here to try to. Oh, you're flying right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll try to
Eric Rosenbaum: help pull one of these. Oh, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to get over here and not actually use my action to pull the elk out. But it can come to me. Maybe
Eric Rosenbaum:  the ladder is gonna do something similar with the other one.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it will actually try to like pull that elk out. Does that make sense?
David (he/him): Yes. But yeah.
David (he/him): milk are great swimmers who are fine in water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, it's just that the water is super super cold.
David (he/him): No, we know that it's warmer than 32 degrees, and I don't. I'm pretty sure they're fine winter.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: thank you. Kevin.
Mike Sackton: Cast a spell. Add it big, powerful in in, save in saves or bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, this is what I got run of psychic disruption.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it will use the legendary resistance to not do it. But that's okay. So the target must make to an intelligence saving, throw
Eric Rosenbaum: or take psychic damage, and then also get incapacitated. So
Tim Sackton: I would say, the alks
Tim Sackton: certainly are not in immediate danger of
Tim Sackton: freezing to death.
Tim Sackton:  They are probably a bit stunned by the fact that they were knocked into a river by a giant. You know. Earthquake?
Tim Sackton:  so they're not like totally fine.
Tim Sackton: but as long as they don't get attacked they're likely to write themselves, and managed to get out of the river in the next
Tim Sackton: minute or so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love how our zoom background actually has cracks. Names. That's great. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So okay.
Tim Sackton: wind saving throw vows.
Tim Sackton: It will use a legendary resistance to
Tim Sackton: avoid the stun.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it will take 28 points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: So as it does, it's not stunned, but it definitely seems like it
Tim Sackton: like it slows slightly like this. Its speed has been somewhat reduced by
Tim Sackton:  shaking off this the fact
Eric Rosenbaum: and Seeker's turn bringing us to Riswin.
Kate Sackton: Well, the thing is bigger than the space that I can contain in a ring of fire
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of spoils that plan. So I think I'll just hit it with a sunbeam.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: constitution saving throw that succeeds.
Kate Sackton:  remember, Khan is its strongest ability. So it takes half damage. Right? Yeah, on a fail. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So that as Brisbane turned the Algar struggling, bringing us back up to Welby.
Kate Sackton: did I roll damage, or did you? Just yeah, shut up right there?
David (he/him): Oh, did it roll it save for fire damage. Turn?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: it passed. It's fire damage. So damage.
David (he/him): I will do the same thing again, I'm gonna say, studying and shoot this thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: where are you standing? Are you taking steady and flying?
David (he/him): Yeah. Okay.
David (he/him): as 20, actually, because I'm using scare 20 hits. Yep. So
Mike Sackton:  Did Kenza say whether it was immune to being blinded?
Tim Sackton: 30. It is not immune to the blinded condition. It does spend a lot of time burying underground
Eric Rosenbaum: sunbeam, it would have been blinded.
Mike Sackton: It might have blankets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay, 30 points of damage as the while these arrow strikes it.
Tim Sackton: And then as that it like shakes. So where is everybody? Exactly. Kenzo is
Tim Sackton: standing at the bottom of this.
Mike Sackton: I'm like 30 feet up
Mike Sackton: in the air. But right next to it
David (he/him): I'm 23. Also.
Eric Rosenbaum: I came down to about 10 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, get closer to the elk. I was punching it from above.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the latter is the latter's at ice level
Eric Rosenbaum: with the elk.
Tim Sackton: Okay, where is
Tim Sackton: where are you? Where is risen? Also flying like at Robbie's level? Or
Kate Sackton: yeah, like. I wanna, I'm just staying within range to like, go actually engage in Malay next turn, because
Kate Sackton: the range attack didn't work. So well, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But since it grappled me before, I'm don't want to be like its favorite target again. So
Tim Sackton: it is going to.
Let's see
Tim Sackton: so after Welby's turn it is. It dives through this tunnel and then lunges up into the air.
Tim Sackton:  Reaching up. It's like extending its full length, which is about
Tim Sackton: 40 feet into the air. and attempting to swallow
Tim Sackton: all. everybody within a 10 foot radius
Eric Rosenbaum: circle of this point, so that would be well be risen and comes out that I oh, no, that don't get. Don't get even dexterity saving throws from everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Make make the sales, please. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: inspiration! I think I'm in range for that. You can inspire somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're one person, right? And you could see who failed before you choose to inspire. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: 25 is okay for well, V. Right. 16.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenza failed. But wait! What did driven roll
Kate Sackton: ruled? 17.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's pretty equal who you should inspire. Right? They're both equally likely to make it on the inspiration. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We go should go to both of them, but we're equally likely to fight our way out to. So rizlin is physically closer to me.
Tim Sackton: grappled. You're being swallowed inside. It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: has much better armor, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know
Mike Sackton: who knows? Dimension Door is a spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: either. You
Eric Rosenbaum: I do. Yes, now that you mentioned it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: we'll add the 10.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's kinsman
Tim Sackton: for Kenza
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or so. 20.
Tim Sackton: Just make it
Eric Rosenbaum: resin is swallowed. You're gonna be okay, Rosen. I was looking for a Mala engagement. Now I've got one
Tim Sackton: that ends its legendary action. Darwin is up
Mike Sackton: alright. I'm just going to attack it
Mike Sackton: with a sword. I will swing once.
Mike Sackton: does a 19 does an 18 hit
Tim Sackton: and 18 hits? Yep.
Mike Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: so I'll do All this is kind of annoying for damage. It's 1419, plus
Mike Sackton: what does my hunters do? Plus 5, I think. 24 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: it sounds like pretty hurt.
Mike Sackton: that'll miss, and does not have
Mike Sackton: my third attack.
Mike Sackton: 22, that is
Mike Sackton: and and that's 8 plus
Mike Sackton: 9 is
Mike Sackton: 17. And then I'm also gonna smite it with that.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I guess I will use blinding smite because it does the same amount of damage. And it turns out all of my other smites take concentration.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So I'm gonna blinding. Smite it.
Tim Sackton: So Dallas Sword lights up as it as he strikes the ice worm with this last attack
Mike Sackton: it takes another 20 points of damage, and it takes another 20 points of damage. It does not have eyes, so it doesn't seem affected by blindness.
Mike Sackton: We were here
Tim Sackton: happily digesting riswin. It's well followed, but
Tim Sackton: is still a little bit hungry, and is looking around at who is closest.
Tim Sackton: and a tongue is going to fly at doubt at Kenzo, which is a
Tim Sackton: 20
Tim Sackton: next to hat
Tim Sackton: and a tongue is going to fly at.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, with. That is a 16. To hit is well, very bad against Missus.
Tim Sackton: Penzo takes
Tim Sackton:  Enzootes 8
Tim Sackton: 10 points of acid damage as the tongue strikes you, and you are grappled.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: the last time
Tim Sackton: it will move slightly
Tim Sackton: and then try and grab, seek.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: really hide ahead. You can wrap up well. and that's
Tim Sackton:  That's a lot of damage. 1016, 19 points of acid damage for seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: he
Tim Sackton: and that will end its turn. and Kenzo is up, grappled by a tom. You can still attack it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  How do I ungrateful myself if I wanted to?
Tim Sackton: If you want to? Ungrateful yourself, you can use an action to
Tim Sackton:  Attempt to break the grapple, which is an acrobatics check
Tim Sackton: your previous experience. Was that doing like 20 ish points of damage to the tongue was enough to force it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which might be more reliable than attempting to escape a grapple. But up to you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, I'll just fuck it up, and then it'll let hill drop in. So yeah, I'll be 5 attacks. I get sent against it again. I'll do the Constitution one first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20. It's
Tim Sackton: that. It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's got a plus 11 con, save. So this is the tough one for it to fail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 9 damage. Okay. Sending a key for the content.
Tim Sackton: Yup, it succeeds the con, save roll your roll the damage because you might get lucky or 20 with the first. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: roll on the 10 plus 3 right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not not quite still holding on to you. Okay. Second, attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21
that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that does 13 damage, and I can't do the comp thing again. Right?
Tim Sackton: No. But 13. Damage. The tongue lets go of you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Now, 3 on our strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First one another 21.
Tim Sackton: That's what are you attacking the tongue that's grappled seeker, or it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're a grappled seeker.
Tim Sackton: Okay? First, punch on the tongue. It's like beginning to loosen
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: second attack on the tongue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 on this probably no more advantage. Right?
Tim Sackton: No more advantage. Only the first round.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Third tack. 26. That is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ball damage. Okay, Justin, off it. Let's go a seeker as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm a anti grappling machine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, and that ends Kenza's turn seeker. You're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was getting ready to catapult a dagger into the tongue to free myself, but I didn't have to. So now, instead, and maybe it will work. This time I can actually try to incapacitate it, using
Eric Rosenbaum: a ruin of psychic disruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: Again.
Eric Rosenbaum: at fifth level, okay
Tim Sackton: fails again, but it will use it secondary legendary resistance, and it's also
Eric Rosenbaum: usually they have 3 legendary resistances each time it uses that speed slows by 10 feet. So ask him.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it takes a 40 foot move.
Tim Sackton: Another 28. Yup, it's looking pretty. It's looking hard at this point, too. Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Did the latter manage to help the elk?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: now, and out of the ice, so the the latter will move to help the other.
Eric Rosenbaum: and Seeker will just kind of like
Eric Rosenbaum: shuffle over to the other side of the water here. Okay, that and seekers turn rismin. You are inside
Tim Sackton: the beast who take
you take 33 points of acid damage to start your turn.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you are. You are
Tim Sackton: blinded and restrained.
Tim Sackton: But you can still attack.
Kate Sackton: Can I? Can I attack with shutter storm when I'm restrained? What is restrained? Yup? You just have disadvantage on your attacks all right.
David (he/him): Lower on the inside, though Yacy is a lower on the inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you cast a spell?
Mike Sackton: You can also cast a spell. Is there enough space to cast a wildfire inside it without burning yourself to death?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's a funny idea! How big is this!
Tim Sackton: I mean, blind did makes it hard to see how big it is. But
Tim Sackton: pretty
Tim Sackton: myself inside a a 10 foot
Kate Sackton: conical thing of fire, and it's all around me having some.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could also cast spirit guardians or something like that.
Kate Sackton:  yeah, Noah.
Kate Sackton: I think that's a great idea dealt with. I'm going to burn it from the inside.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean fire. It seems like it should be vulnerable. Ish to fire. But right like, I just didn't want. I wanted to do it before, but I didn't want it to run away from a one sided fire, and I couldn't surround it with a 2 sided fire. This was all your strategy gets swallowed here. Where we go.
Kate Sackton: there we go.
Tim Sackton: Okay. How much damage does the wall of fire do
Mike Sackton:  Or something like that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's no minimum diameter. You can make a ring wall, that's
Kate Sackton: a 5 foot diameter around you.
Mike Sackton: Yep,
Tim Sackton: okay, there's no way it succeeds on a
Tim Sackton: dexterity saving throw on a wall of fire cast inside it. So I'm gonna say that failure.
Tim Sackton: So it takes 19
Tim Sackton:  and it like tries to squish you a little bit more, but definitely seems to be taking damage from this.
Mike Sackton:  How many turns can you take? 33 damage a turn, and not before you're dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No more turns, I will die.
Kate Sackton: Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many boys do you have left?
Kate Sackton: 30? So if it doesn't roll as well in its acidness or something. Maybe I'll only take 29 next time while these up, maybe. Well, be I'll kill it.
David (he/him): Yeah, maybe. I'll take steady aim with the another scary arrow, and
David (he/him): and 21 that hits 21 hits. Yep.
David (he/him): that's 40. That's pretty good, but not quite enough to kill it.
Tim Sackton: But as you as you hit it, what is that damage at all?
Tim Sackton: 41, 41. Okay, as you hit it, it kind of rears up. and it like you can see it begin to like
Tim Sackton: Cough slightly. and a
Tim Sackton:  it like rears up I, and then it projectile vomits
Tim Sackton: riswin acid and fire
Tim Sackton: out of its mouth.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's get Deli 3 to make that. So, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Well, be
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Welby both need to make dexterity saving throws
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where the ken's rolling.
Mike Sackton: It's Bobby Fowles.
David (he/him): Thanks.
Tim Sackton: So while we takes
Tim Sackton:  23 points of bludgeoning damage
Tim Sackton: plus
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  plus 24 points of acid damage.
David (he/him): and I, uncanny, dodge this whole thing as a batch.
Tim Sackton: I think you can. Only can you dodge attack roles? But you have evasions, so you only take half damage.
David (he/him): So that's
Tim Sackton: what was that? 23, plus 24, that's 47. So you take half of 47. Rizwin, however, takes the full 24 points of bludgeoning damage. and is ejected prone.
Tim Sackton: actually falls into the water.
Tim Sackton:  As Wellbe is
Tim Sackton: next to Welby Dowwith is up.
Mike Sackton: Alan, can you actually be prone if you can fly. Doesn't you like to hover whether you're flying?
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's probably right, actually, right? Cause
Tim Sackton: yeah. So rizwin's not rizwin is spit out and is now floating just above the water.
Tim Sackton: Right? I don't think you can be prone if you, if you have the fly spell on you.
Mike Sackton: But not out. Okay, I am. Just I think I'll just attack it again.
Tim Sackton: it looks like it's a bat to turn and run at this point.
Mike Sackton: So let's try and kill it. Attempt one to kill it.  is
Mike Sackton: is 22 points of damage
Mike Sackton: that kills it.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't even have to try. Attempt 2 or attempt 3.
Tim Sackton: The ice worm collapses over into this trench that it's built
Tim Sackton:  fall slightly twisted on the top of the
Tim Sackton: of this like of this ditch with as Dela Sword just slashes the edge of it, and this, like acid, is all like leaking out now around the wounds.
Tim Sackton: That's it heels over.
Mike Sackton: Let's go see how the elk are doing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't know as one might want some healing
Mike Sackton: from yourself.
Mike Sackton: You don't think I should go under around with my single digit. Hit points. Probably not. I mean, that was what did take any damage at all. So like I'll go talk to the else
Kate Sackton: the alks, the Alps
Tim Sackton: as struggling out of the water.
Tim Sackton: You see, both elk slowly begin to their form. Just be begins to shift slightly.
And you now see, standing in front of you
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: 2 humans, a man and a woman dressed in furs.  dark.
Tim Sackton: dark braided hair tied back, wearing like all sorts of like animal tokens around their clothes
Tim Sackton: like feather braided into their hair. Fur thick fur clothing. Almost looks like they're still like
Tim Sackton: One of them has like antler
like an antler sort of
Tim Sackton: I don't know what to call not not pointing up, but like almost like tied like their hair is sort of braided around in Antwerp.
Tim Sackton: And they they look kind of shocked to see
Tim Sackton: like grateful, but also like quite.
Mike Sackton: I will cast tongues. I still have a spell slot and
Mike Sackton: greet them. I'll
Mike Sackton: introduce myself. I guess I'll just introduce deal with myself as deal with the Alf
Mike Sackton: and greet them and
Mike Sackton: tell them we had glad we were here at this time, and could
Mike Sackton: defeat this creature?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cancel? Can somebody talk to animals shorts.
Mike Sackton: they turn back into people, turn back into people. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Penza can also talk to everything. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, forgot about that.
Tim Sackton: They.
Tim Sackton: They look at each other,
Tim Sackton: and look at you.
Tim Sackton: and they're both. They're they're just kind of stunned into silence for a moment and and grateful, and
Tim Sackton: we shouldn't linger out in the open for too long.
Tim Sackton: Hill will attract others.
Kate Sackton: Do you know the magically useful parts of this ice worm that we should take with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: It is your kill. You're entitled
Tim Sackton: Mustat. Quick
Tim Sackton: stomach, acid. The eyes
Tim Sackton: eat their most valuable
Mike Sackton: the eyes.
Tim Sackton: No, I forgot, it doesn't have eyes.
Kate Sackton: I was
Mike Sackton: vibration patches from which it senses
Tim Sackton: and as much of the skin as you can get. But it will
Tim Sackton: melt.
Mike Sackton: I mean, let's go. Do they do. They know what they're doing? Will they help us? Don't we have a magical freezer
Eric Rosenbaum: on the show.
Tim Sackton: I mean the Frost Giant is building one.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, I mean, we also have a cold chest. Oh, you do. Yes, you have a cold chest.
Tim Sackton: but how much I mean, presumably can't put the entire creature in a cold chest.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean, of course.
Mike Sackton: No, these are not. These are not
Mike Sackton: skills.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's just
Mike Sackton: Let's do what we can quickly.
Tim Sackton: Who are?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just the pelt and the stomach acid
Eric Rosenbaum: stomach, acid like sensory patches, the teeth and oh, and the teeth. Yeah, I'll I'll work on the sensory patches.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can get those into the cold chest
David (he/him): work on teeth.
Tim Sackton: Okay, teeth are relatively easy.
Tim Sackton: The patches have to be extracted. Probably. So now feel free to propose what tool or skill proficiency would be useful here before I tell you to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, you guys.
Mike Sackton: medicine would work. Yup, survival
Tim Sackton: survival would work
David (he/him): with medicine, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: More secure
Eric Rosenbaum: nature.
Tim Sackton: Nature would work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'll use nature.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a roll. Anybody who rolls below a 15 gets nothing between a 15 and a 25 get a decent amount above a 25, you get
Mike Sackton: absolute mess.
Mike Sackton: We should Barnick inspire somebody, and guidance to people. so I will guidance cause you can't, or you can guidance yourself actually
Mike Sackton:  but somebody roll an extra one d. 4. So take your guidance, seeker.
Mike Sackton: Well, we take Barnac inspiration
Eric Rosenbaum: 28. I got a 2510
Mike Sackton: twice, and take the higher.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's happening right now?
Mike Sackton: We're butchering the creature. We got a 30, a 25, a 28
Kate Sackton:  So I can guidance myself
Mike Sackton: while or we can guide us each other.
Kate Sackton: Okay, something like that. But that. So what do I roll to?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, I rolled it. 15
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: barrel that we're strolling in d 20. S,
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: you need to tell me what skill or proficiency you're using.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, oh, the butcher it!
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? He's acrobatics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's where can we choose from?
Tim Sackton: Just medicine and met so far, people have used medicine nature, and
Kate Sackton: there's a Bible.
Tim Sackton: But I'm open to other suggestions. If you have other suggestions.
Mike Sackton: would or can I be useful?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Insight. and know exactly where to butcher.
Tim Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why not? I'd allow Arkana
Tim Sackton: insight works on living creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright fine, or I'll do all kind of today.
Tim Sackton: So what's your plus for a kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plus 5. I roll. I only got a 2 cause I rolled 7.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Can't you add it to your 15 that you already old?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure 22.
Tim Sackton: But okay, what's well, he's doing teeth seekers doing sensory patches.
Tim Sackton: Who's doing stomach acid?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I haven't
Tim Sackton: what I was gonna do it with May chance. And then the rest of you are just doing skin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So you get the best possible result from teeth and
Tim Sackton: stomach acid.
And
Mike Sackton: what did? Well be what was well be doing.
Mike Sackton: You got a 30 teeth do pretty well, but not perfect on skin.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So seeker manages to extract these 2 massive sensory patches completely intact.
Tim Sackton: and rushes them up to the cold chest as like you can. You can sense that they're beginning to melt as soon as they're cut out of the beast. but managed to get them in the cold chest before any damage is done.
Tim Sackton: Dowworth manages to collect, like. you know. quite a good quantity of stomach acid.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's super strong
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: it's eating away. Almost anything like this is like the raw ingredient that you use to make universal solvent
Tim Sackton:  like. There's many things went right.
Tim Sackton: So I don't know how much
Tim Sackton: magical containment you have
Tim Sackton: that could keep it, but you
Tim Sackton: collect as much as you can store
Mike Sackton: do. We have magical container, I mean.
Mike Sackton: presumably, if you just what would we put it in
Mike Sackton: file that used to hold universal solvent? It's it's little, though
Tim Sackton: that's small, but that's not so. That's not a huge amount
Eric Rosenbaum: else have we got?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: is it? Is it? Eat through the creatures own skin.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: there you go! Make a bag for it. We just like make a bag out of its skin. Can I collect with my really good role can I realize what's going on? Collect less of it? But put it in a bag of its own skin. Now, that will have to also be stored in the cold chest, so you can only
Mike Sackton: contain as much as fits in the cold chest, Jack.
Tim Sackton:  and you layer. Basically, your cold chest is completely full, with layers of
Tim Sackton: skin
Tim Sackton: skin, bag of stomach acid. and 2 sensory patches.
Tim Sackton: Wellbe manages to get 8 intact teeth out that they're they don't need to be stored specially. They're
Tim Sackton: incredibly sharp.
Tim Sackton:  and also probably are used in various, are ground up in various ways. There the teeth are like this weird sort of scintillating silver blue color.
Tim Sackton: but actually are probably also ground up. To be made into magical pigments.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would like any of the local like
Kate Sackton: minerals, like any crystals or
Kate Sackton: stone, or whatever in the area, being impervious to the.
Kate Sackton: to the stomach acid.
Tim Sackton: I mean. probably not because thinking about it. most likely the way it tunnels is by spitting an acid and dissolving the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: right? Chewing up the rock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The stuff for tattoo Inc. For the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're gonna end up. We could try and save one. We got 8. We could try and save one for for your girlfriend, but, like
Mike Sackton: the Centaur, or whatever
Tim Sackton: you're probably going to end up trading some to the earth. Yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: as soon as we butchered these fairly quickly, we will then usher these folks onto the rainbow bridge and fly back to our ship.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I mean, you have to do. You're gonna have to. You have to do that, obviously, to get all the parts like I'll tell them, is there somewhere we can take you.
Tim Sackton: There's this breach.
Tim Sackton: They have a village. the hidden village about 15 miles away.
Mike Sackton: We would be glad to take you back to your hidden village.
Tim Sackton: Just show us the way.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: you get back on the ship.
Tim Sackton: and they they guide you in the directions. Still kind of slightly in, I mean.
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: they escape from an iceworm teleported onto a giant ship
Tim Sackton: where they now not only see like elves and dwarves and halflings, but a frog's giant and Orcs.
Tim Sackton: They're a bit in shock.
Tim Sackton: but point in the direction of the of the ship of the village.
Tim Sackton: And you fly on Vintagearna. you know, an hour
half roughly.
Tim Sackton:  bringing you to sort of mid-morning.
Tim Sackton: and you see.
Tim Sackton: you see below you the sort of nestled in among a clearing in the trees.
Tim Sackton:  Some tense.
Tim Sackton: covered in snow. In this clearing a few campfires with smoke. Nestled in among the trees.
and I mean, it's not
Tim Sackton: easy to see like you. Let's be honest. Well, I'll be 100% would have noticed that without any doubt
Tim Sackton:  but it's all pretty camouflaged like this image doesn't really do it justice. All the all the tents are like under branches of big trees. Everything's been set up, so that if you are just casually flying through the air looking down.
Tim Sackton: it just looks like the forest, and Re. Would require some pretty careful perception to spot it, although once it's pointed out, you do see
Tim Sackton: everything.
Tim Sackton: and you
Tim Sackton: tell well, you can't teleport again because you've already teleported.
That's not
Mike Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton:  I mean we could
Mike Sackton: as and why.
Tim Sackton: So you fly to the village and you you this
Tim Sackton: tent area. And you know people people are sort of coming out as your ship approaches. Right? You see.
Tim Sackton:  a number of people beginning to emerge from hiding in the forest.
Tim Sackton:  okay, just it's
Mike Sackton: it's midnight.
Mike Sackton: Where we
Mike Sackton: what was your plan for when we were stopping like 2 min? Okay. yeah. I don't. Wanna I'm not gonna run that.
Tim Sackton: Just gotta get us to the appropriate cliff edge. Yeah.  So you
Tim Sackton: bring in your ship
Tim Sackton: and manage to climb or fly. You'll had a chance for a short rest on the trip, so you can all fly down
Tim Sackton: to the village, and you see gathered around
Tim Sackton: a bunch of like a few dozen of
Tim Sackton: people most
Tim Sackton: in, you know, looking like humans
Tim Sackton: dressed in the same
Tim Sackton:  garb that these 2 people you rescued are wearing like furs and sort of animal tokens.
Tim Sackton:  not everybody is a human.
Tim Sackton: There are a nump. There are
Tim Sackton: a couple of elk milling about. There's a bear, there's a few walls.
Tim Sackton: there's a few halflings.
And there's one
Tim Sackton: woman who's standing looking up at you wearing
Denechai armor.
Mike Sackton: and that's where we'll stop. I lost that. Okay.
David (he/him): Oh, nice
Mike Sackton: cool! That was fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good session.